You know that what I do is write for kids, and in fact, probably I'm the car for kids, more read in the U.S.
And I always tell people that I don't want to look like a science.
I can see you as a failure, or with the room -- and no one has been able to choose a failure.
I'm here to talk to you about climate and electricity.
And you know that a lot of often is something that you get in some place.
You just have to go back to the window to see it as a phone.
That is the painting of a crime.
A friend did that -- Richard Berkeley.
This is the kind of complicated cost of which I'm going to talk about.
My circle started in the years in the middle school in the middle school in the middle school where I was the rest of the car.
And when they came up with a week in the back of the kids, until a teacher came to me.
She saved my life when you let me go into the back of the teacher room.
I was doing it in secret.
for three years.
And I had to go out of the city.
I had a planning, and I ended up in San Francisco -- California -- I found a love -- and in the 1960s, I felt the need to start working in organizations that were called the AIDS against the U.S.
About three or four years ago, half of the night I got a phone called the text of that teacher -- the park that he said, "I need to see it.
I am distributed that we never have to know about.
You could come to Oh, and please get to that man that I know you've already found up.
And I have to tell you that I have cancer cancer, and I would like you to go up with this for factor?
Well, the next day we were in Carolina.
We went to see it, we leave us, and we realized that she needed to be hospitals.
We found a place, and we found it, and we took it out of his family, because it was need.
It's something we knew how to do.
And so as the woman who wanted to know as an adult came to know, it became a car box and it was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had been closed, had become a crime -- and that phenomenon that I talked to you about is it in itself.
The photographer is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my wall and I would save the one.
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
It needs real and beauty -- and I'm very happy to talk a lot about this.
I also need -- I need to do -- love and planning -- and it's our job to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, the connection is very important to me.
And through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not supposed from nature.
I was for the first time at the first time about 10 years ago, and there I saw my first extensions.
I was absolutely.
My heart heart -- I was like, trying to understand what I was behind me.
And the extensions to my around the water is almost 60 meters -- and I couldn't be able to think that it was a little bit of journey on another piece of nine years after year.
The tools are born when you get out of the galaxies or they break the ice down.
Every longer has their own individual perspective.
They have a different way to interact with their environment and their experience.
Some of them are going to get up and go up to the end of the end, while others can't put it more and take it up in a piece of different passion of it.
It is easy to think, when you look at a exception, that are self-responsible and alone.
But the reality is all about it.
As you get up a exception, I'm getting up your current atmosphere.
As you get up a short water water water water in terms that feed many forms of life.
I'm going to photograph these transitions as if you get out of the records of my ancestors -- knowing that in these unique moments there are that way and not going to be going to be that way again.
It's not the death when they get down, it's not an end, but a conversation of his way for the quality of life.
So part of the ice of the extensions that photograph is very young -- it has a couple of years old.
And another part of the ice has more than 100 years.
The last pictures that I would like to show you is a except that I photograph in Kenya, Green.
It's a little bit often to be able to be able to make an entire extent.
Here you go.
You can see the left just a little battery.
It's about five feet.
And I would like you to pay attention to the form of the end of the end and their line of failure.
You can see here, it starts to replace, the boat has moved down to the other side and the man is there.
This is a train of Germany, from the average size.
So the water of the water about 150 feet or 40 feet.
This video is in real time.
And so normal, the element shows a different side of their perspective.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two parts in 2010, the same day, exactly in the same moment, every one of them by getting a baby -- OK.
So two parts every one with a baby with it.
I don't want you to stop too much in the decisions of the context, because if you stop thinking about the connection in yes, they're not going to pay attention.
We think about that for a moment.
And in this stage I want you to imagine that, in one case, the company and the hope is just a set of the value of the value.
And in the other case, the 1990s of the hope is going to the 1990s of the value.
They are both starting and the life.
We're going to talk about them.
And in my activity that I would have a little bit to put two rules.
In one of my red, I work with the story.
I am a story for information and what I study in this case is the way people open up the analysis -- to say, of human bodies and animals -- how have you been considered the contrastion flowers, the idea of the body, what have you thought about the body.
The other role that I wish in my work is activity, as patients of patients or as I say sometimes to times, it's important by people who are medical patients.
In this case, I have worked with people whose physical characters are going to do social numbers.
I've been working on -- for example, with the same secrets, two people inside a same body.
I've worked with people with anti-groups, people much more low than the middle of it.
And I've worked with a lot of cases of people with sex sex -- individuals whose physical policy doesn't fit in the moral scales and construction states.
In general lines we can call it intelligence.
The intelligence advertises a lot of ways.
I'm going to give you some examples of ways of ways of having a sex that doesn't care in the molecular common or fashion.
For example, this is the case of the individual company in the 1970s -- which is the GDP of the creature -- and he says to the proteins, that we all have in the physical life, which will become terrible.
And then, in the physical life, the lines produce transportation.
But because this individual comes out of the territory records, the body doesn't remember the same.
It's the service of institutional institutions.
And so there are high levels of transportation, but without recent.
As a consequences -- the body is developed by a very fashing course of construction.
When I was born -- the baby has a little bit of children.
It's a kid -- it's created as a child.
And often it is not but to the police, when it's growing and developing the senses, but it doesn't have the model period, when someone is realized that something is going on.
And then you can make them realize that instead of having objects and terrible, it actually has terrorists and a creature.
The important thing to understand is that you can think it's a man, but it's actually not like this.
The women, like men, we have in the body something called superconductive galaxies.
They're in the bottom part of the body.
The surgery galaxies produce anger, the hormone of morality.
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman -- I don't know their critical structure -- I think it will be a typical woman most women as I are sitting to the antibodies.
We produce anger and we remember the antibodies.
As a result, someone like me has the most except brain to the antibodies that the woman who was born with the strategies that have the service of institutional institutions.
And so sex is a complicated thing. It's not that the researchers are in the middle of the space, in some way they can be everywhere.
Another example, I got a few years ago, I got a call of a 19 years old, and I grew up as you see, I had night, and I had sexual relationships with her, he took a life like a girl and just discovered that I had eight and a time.
I had an extreme way of a disease that was known as a self-concerned spiritual station.
I was 10 percent, and in the top of the surgery that was so active that they were so active that, in the way, they created a moral moral environment.
As a consequences -- their genomes were much morally, his brain was except to the human hormone company of moral computer.
I was born with a little bit of children -- no one was sure anything.
And it was at the age of 11 years when I started to have medical problems.
Well, another example of a case of intelligence.
Some people who are going to be able to develop what you know as objects, and it is to say, they have a sensitive time in terms of the terrible line.
We don't know well why that happens.
So there are a lot of sex variety of sex variations.
The reason that kids with this kind of bodies -- are being settlers, the strangers -- or the surgery, you get to the national cells not to be able to get a better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly sensitive.
The reason you get to a number of surgery is that they are a threat for our social oxygen.
The system is based on the idea that a particular amount of particular advantage has been able to get a particular identity of it.
We have the idea that it will be a woman who is to have fashion identity -- especially to be black means to have an African analysis in terms of history.
A very simple idea.
And when you give us a body that shows something quite different -- we have problems with carefully.
And so we have very common ideas in our culture in the individual.
Our name is based on a concept of very recently reducing.
Imagine the amazing thing that is to have children who are born as two people inside a same body.
And the most crazy case is last year with the South Africa Carter Santa Santa, you put it up in the top of his sex in the United States.
A lot of distributions called to ask to say, "What are you going to do to figure out if Carry Sene is man or women?
And I had to explain to the distributions that there is not such a exploration.
In fact, now we know that sex is so complicated that nature is so complicated that nature doesn't bring a street line between men and women or women and women and women and women and women and women and women and women and we are all of us who we brought that line.
So what we have is a situation in which the more approaches science -- we have to admit that these cars -- we have to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be straight by straight institutions -- they're much more proud than we thought about.
And not only in terms of sex terms of it.
It's also in terms of rather, something that it turns out much more complicated than the technology allows it.
As we see, we put us up in a super-engineering land.
Let's look at for example, the fact that we share at least 90 percent of DNA with chimpanzees.
What are we going to do in the fact of the fact that they are in just a few networks?
And as we program in science we get more and more in a fundamental area in which we have to recognize that the system that we knew is probably too simple.
And we're looking at this in all the changes of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States today, are the lists at the beginning and the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment from which a body has been human and it has different rights to the factors.
And there are very application today.
Our ancestors had never got to sell with this question of if someone was dead.
As a lot of them put a pill in front of the name, and if you move they still didn't work.
If I stopped moving it out.
But today we can, for example, to be able to have visual organs from a body and put them into another body.
And as a result, we need to focus out to be able to be able to do the death of somebody in the death of somebody -- and this brings us into a difficult situation where we don't have the simple cells of the past.
And maybe you think that this example of cancer could get to someone like me.
In politics -- I am provided by the people who are international bodies -- but I have to admit that I put it out.
It will be able to be a lot more unusual than we thought about me.
I think from the point of the democracy.
And to tell you about this tendency first I've got to admit that I am a advantage of the Facebook Parks.
I know they were relative, I know that they were sex, but they were big ...
I mean, they were so valuable and animals and so radical in what they did, that I found me every longer looking at that music called "The "many "many and not by the music -- which is totally paradigm.
That's what happened in 1966, with the Foundations Fortune.
The Foundations went out of me, for me, the first activities of the airplane and I explain you why.
What they came up was a advanced concept and they did it with another one that was radical and beautiful and started for 200 years.
And as all of you remember -- what you remember is what our parents were the idea of the monkey. The monkey was based on a very simple concept of the airplane.
The old world of the old world didn't know the DNA -- but they had the idea of the right idea.
They had the blue blood concept there.
They were from the idea that it got to the political power for the right of the blood street on the front and then the son, and so on.
The Foundations recognized that idea and they did it by a new advanced concept and that concept was that all men are created the same.
They came up with the game of game and decided that the old thing that was the old anti-production of the common and not the alternative differences -- that was a very radical thing.
And in part they were doing it because they were doing part of a strange system where they were taking two things.
It was getting the democracy and at the same time I was born the science.
And it was very clear -- if we look at the history of the Facebook Paris, that many were very interested in science and in the idea of a natural world.
And they were getting out of the constant explain and the start of the constant power of constant power in the age of an idea of the national right.
They were moving up to a nature.
And if we look at it, for example, the Department of the India, they talk about nature and the nature of nature.
They don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in the way, they were bringing us the idea of all the article consequence.
And when you do that, they were feeling the basis of the future of the living movement.
They didn't think about that way, but they did it for us and it was great.
And what happened years later.
And the women.
And then I came up with the success of the Victorian rights with people from the California Carter Carter who said, "I'm not a woman?
And we found men in the financial movies of the civil rights saying, "I'm a man.
Again, people of color who went up to the architecture of alternative difference and again, again.
We see the same thing with the Mountain Movement.
The problem is, of course, that as we look at the constants, we have to begin to ask us why we keep certain distributions.
But attention -- I want to keep a few years in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give you a little bit of the same rights to a human.
I don't want to say that we had to do it in the airplane.
I don't mean that the five years of five years had to allow them to have sexual relationships or care.
There are some of the things that for me they have sense and I think we should keep it.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why do you keep them and if they have sense.
Well, let's go back to those two people who are made in the beginning of this talk.
We have two beings -- both of them at the middle of 11 exactly the same day.
So let's imagine that one of them, Mars, I was born three months before time -- the one of the 1980s.
He had have the control, I was born in terms -- I was born at the back of the 1990s.
On the fact that I just had been born three months before Mars would get up all the right three months before Helly -- the right of the sexual growth -- the right, the right to beauty -- the right.
Hello has to wait for all of that not because it has a different biological age but because I was born later.
We found other robots in relationship to their right.
Hello, in order to be aware of a man -- if I haven't told you if it is Bill -- in order to be aware of a man now is possible from the operating understanding of the more don't have to worry about.
March, for his part, it doesn't have the same rights at the market that Hans in all states for example.
Hello can fall in all of the states with a woman, but Mars can fall with a woman just in some state.
And so they still have a little bit of alternative careers that in several aspects are problems and realistic.
And now the question is, what do we do now that science is so much in the field of the air that we got to the point of having to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to deliver?
I don't want to go to science -- but at the same time, sometimes I feel like science to get out of it.
Where are we going on?
It looks like what happens in our culture is a kind of predicting activity, "Well, we have to bring the line in some part -- so we're going to do it.
But a lot of people have taken up in a right position of it.
For example, Texas in a certain moment has decided that to get a man you don't have to be created and that to get a woman in a woman you have to be created.
Now in the practice they do not make critical teachers to people.
But this is also very strange by the story that I told you to the beginning of the installation of institutional sensors.
If you look at one of the American parents of modern democracy -- Dr. Marie King King, in his design "I have to make a solution.
It says that we should give people not in the color of their skin but in the content of their career, I'm going beyond the anthropology.
And I want to say, "Yes, the idea seems very good.
But in practice how do you do?
How do you play people in the middle of their career?
I want to show you also that I'm not sure that we have to be able to get up in this to bring right right to people, because I've been able to admit that I know from some of the people who are likely to make more social services that some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some of the words that I know can take more decisions to be able to take more information and mathematics on their sexual relationships that people from 40 I know.
So how do you put the issue of the content of color?
It turns out very hard.
And a part of me is question what happens if the heart of a person could be a measure with an instrument -- maybe with a magic resistance.
Do we want to really get to that point.
I'm not sure where we go.
And what I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States is going to bring this piece of thinking to the issue of democracy.
We have done a good job of democracy and I think we will make a good work in the future.
We don't live in an example, for example, in a context that a man who feels taken through other men is surface of being an analysis -- unless it's willing to stay to a sex change -- in which case it allows him to live.
We're not in that situation.
And I would tell you that we don't have a context like the one that I talked about a couple of years ago that I had done a couple of years ago that we can give them a little bit of standard standards for them to be able to go up and go up and get out of their family.
But when the phone asked him the motivation of the education -- it was a very rich operation, I was told that in that other country these kids would be very strangers, and they had to do it.
And what I said, "Well, has you considered the political speed instead of the policy secret?
The United States made huge possibility to people to be who they are going to be able to change for the well of the state.
So I think we have to be to the head.
Well, to end up I want to say I've been talking a lot about the parents.
And I want to think about how the democracy would be, or as I could have been like, if we were going to have been much greater participation to Mars.
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a photographer, and it is that I think there may be different ideas of different alternatives of different alternatives -- in particular if there are people thinking about groups.
Since years ago, I since I've been interested in intelligence, I've also been interested to research the sexual difference.
And one of the things that I've been interested in is the differences between men and women in the way to think and play in the world.
And what we know about traditional studies is that women -- in average -- not all of us, but in the middle -- they tend to pay more attention to the complex social relationships and to move from those who are value within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
years ago, when I was in the picture, one of my colleagues I knew I was interested in the factors -- and I was interested by failure, like now, he made me a strange plan here.
"Day what it has for failure.
And I thought, "It's the most successful question I've heard about.
The favorite has to be able to get out of the genome spectrum, so there is nothing in the factory?
But the more I've thought about his question, more of it has been like there is a little bit of improvement in the factors.
That means that there might be something -- in average -- something different between the financial brain and the molecule that makes us more attention to complex social relationships and willing to help the most value.
So if the parents were very likely to find the way to protect people through the state of the state -- it is possible to have been able to be able to get more Mosaurs to this concept -- maybe we would have done the concept of production with the support of supply.
And maybe that's what we need to do in the future when we take the democracy beyond the anthropology, to think less in the individual body, in terms of the identity -- and think more about the relationships of it.
So as we try to create a more perfect consumer, we think about what we do for each other.
Thank you.
In the year, I decided we had to remember how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where you want to go to live and work, have the possibility to choose between the least a bunch of different cities that are sharing to go to new institutions.
Well, in this moment we are far from that goal of it.
There are billions of people in developing countries that don't tell a single city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is that they get a lot more than their cost of building it.
So we could easily go to the world, maybe hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can be surrounded if you've never thought about new cities.
But they're just going to give you a little bit of advantages of advances.
Imagine that half the people who wanted to live in food are no longer professionals and in the other half of us still to do it.
They could try to increase the ability to make activities in all of the existing buildings in all of the existing buildings in all of the existing buildings in all of the existing buildings in all of the existing buildings in all of the existing buildings in all of the existing buildings in all of the existing buildings in all of the existing buildings in all of the existing buildings
But you know that the problem that you will figure out is that those buildings and the areas that break them together to avoid the molecules and the discovery of the building.
So it would be very hard to do all those advanced.
But they could go to a completely new place, build a completely new analysis, and then when the numbers of that place will make the building instead of putting it up.
So I think the governments create new areas of enough enough and big resources to get cities and give them a name -- cities under station.
And then I took me out that more or less at the same time, James and Obama were thinking about the challenge of receiving Hollywood.
And they knew that every year about 75 tons were going to go out of his country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and make those same things in Hollywood.
In the summer of the 19th century.
So in the next few years, Park Raisuddin is constructed with a platform in which you put resources and at the same time.
And I asked him to be the grandfather that was his galaxy.
And while I was ready to give you a talk in TED.
through a protection of personality, I thought and a lot of terrorists and a huge amount of tests with use -- I tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under their most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of the numbers -- like those numbers that say you can't go to go and get to all of the activity actions of advances.
We spend a lot of attention to new technology, but it needs so much of technologies like numbers to protect -- and they are actually the numbers that are going to be able to get up.
In the other hand, a friend of Germany sent him to the Germany with the TED.
He showed him to James.
They called me.
They said to me, "We put this to the leaders of our country.
And so I went back in Milo, in a room.
And I tried to explain to you this point about the values that are cities -- much more valuable than their color cost in the bottom.
And I used this picture that shows the value of the land in a place like New York City -- English, that in some cases, they go thousands of dollars per single square percent.
But it was a pretty open discovery and at some point, when there was a path, Obama said, "Park, maybe we could see the video of the TED Talk.
And the talk discovered in very simple terms that a single city is a place where you start with terrible terrible, a surface that specific rules that are going to apply there and a choice so that people can choose if you want to go or not to live under those numbers.
So the Project primary was called me, and he told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the way to be the way that our country.
I asked me to be to Medicard and I would talk about the four and five of us.
So I put another talk full of data, which including a picture like this, that I was trying to explain that to get a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Delight and the white line is the new car that was built in Delight.
It's just about a little bit about more than 100 miles a day.
So I was trying to convince you that to build a new city -- you have to start with a place that killed the less one of a collaboration that is about a $100 close three-dimensional.
That is more than 100 dollars.
And all the world all the way around the world.
They were a lot of the audience of the public were very serious and and attacks.
The leader of the contract is going to the platform and said, "Please Robert, thank you very much for his talk, but maybe we could see the video of the TED talk.
I have this in my computer.
So I felt and showed the TED.
And this is exactly the thing that a new city can offer new choices for people.
There would be a chance of a city that you could go to be in Hollywood, rather than hundreds of thousands of difference to the North America.
And also including new choices for leaders too.
Because the leaders of the government needed to help out of advantage countries -- they could be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get up and make the numbers of the surface, so that they could all be able to be able to trust
We went and we saw a century.
This picture is there.
It could take up just about a thousand billion dollars.
And a little bit later, 1990 percent came up in the conflict to understand their construction and add a complicated device that allows us to create these species of development.
In a country that I was just going to go through this press crisis -- the version in the Congo of this conventional understanding was 120 to one.
All of the parts -- all of the farmers in society -- they started.
In order to be able to be able to be able to take two times in Congress.
This is 12 percent of us in the other time in another version of 1800s.
And immediately after the voice, in the age of 25 to 24 percent of a forest -- a decade of about 30 tons was to the two places in the world that are more interested in working in the city of cities.
One of them is Congo from South Africa.
This is a picture of a new lot of the city in the city that is building in South Africa, is bigger than the center of Boston.
All you see there was built in four years, after they spent four years to get the personalities.
The other country in the building of cities is Simil.
In fact, they have been built two cities in China and they are presenting for a third one.
And if you think about this, this is the point where we are.
They have a place, and they're already thinking about a place for the second city.
They are making a legal system that would allow the advantages to come up, and at the same time they would be able to get down in a outside blue system.
A country has already been able to allow us to allow her to be the last surgery for this new public system.
There are used and cities of cities that are very interested in the project.
You can even get a little bit of financial.
But the only thing we know is that you've got a good number of homes.
There are a lot of companies who wanted to be involved in the United States, especially in a place with an area with a medical area and there are a lot of people who would like to go to live there.
In the world there are 600 million people who say that they would like to change each other.
There is a million to a year that came out of the Middle America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to leave back to their family to go and get a work, sometimes they have to be able to win the money for just to eat or buy robot.
It is, sometimes there are no children who are trying to stay with their parents that haven't seen in some cases, in a decade in a decade old.
So what do you think about the building of a new city in Houses?
Or do you build a decade of this, or a contract of these around the world?
What does it seem to think about trying to be able to be able to be able to choose between several cities that are sharing to bring new researchers?
This is an idea that is going to be despite.
And my friend friends asked me to say, thank you.
I'm John, and this is my value.
But before you show you what there is inside -- I'm going to make a public connection -- and it is that, I live obsessed with the transportations.
I love to find -- and I love to find -- and more recently, you can put up and put up in my black transportation transportation, colors and different for every day.
But I don't buy anything.
And all of my team is a second hand of parallel markets and a second hand.
Oh, thank you.
The seconds of second hand allow me to reduce the impact of my grandmother in the environment and in my biological.
And I got to know people who are interesting people, by the way, my money is going to a good cause -- my aspect is unique -- and buy it became my own personal secret.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
Is it my table?
I'd like to like the color?
Do you get less than 20 dollars.
If all of the answers are positive -- then I feel that I've come up.
It will go back to the subject of my value -- I want to tell you what I put for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what do you get someone who has all that room?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I did.
I've brought seven parts in the top and nothing else.
I was going to go in for exactly a week is everything I've put in my value.
I think it would be able to find everything else that I want to use after I got up here to Paris Simpses.
And because they don't know me as the woman who was walking by TED at the top --  -- that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now the companies for this week.
It doesn't sound interesting?
As I do that, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that will tell us or not, I have learned in this piece of wouldn't use new room.
Let's start with the driver.
And this is what I call it a black telescope.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to see well.
You can almost be able to see for less than 50 dollars.
All the contrast, including the card, and it was the most expensive thing I've used in the week.
Looks, the color is energy.
It is almost impossible to be a lot of man, when you're looking at a brilliant red paradigm.
If you're happy, you're going to go to other happy people.
Mars is surgery.
I've spent a long time in life trying to be myself and at the same time.
You just know yourself.
If you go out of the right people, you don't just understand you, you will also learn you.
Microsoft, Guinea of the child that you get inside it.
Sometimes people tell me that it looks like I play the destructions, or I remember you to his little seven years.
I like to feel and say, thank you.
Just seement, trust is the key one.
If you think you look good with something, it's almost sure you are.
And if you think you don't look good with something, it's probably true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the 30 years that really understood their meaning of it.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your interest and extraordinary, there is no look at that you can't be able to.
So there is no exploration for any of this audience.
We must be able to do everything we want to do.
Thank you.
Video: A really six words for you, the streams are going on with everything.
And finally, I mean, I would develop a personal personal state, and it's a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've put it over and over again when people were taken to me this week just so I was using what I was using -- and we had a fantastic conversation.
All this is not going to go into my little value.
So before I go home to Brooklyn, I'm going to give you all.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave a few things.
I don't need to give you an impact to these things, because it comes back to the signal, there will always be another crazy crazy, and it would be a little bit of brilliant, if there is a little love in my heart and seek.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a responsibility of your brain that we can do in two parts.
The left side, which is the low-cost part -- and the right side, which is the interesting part of it.
So if we use a scale to measure the activity of each house, we could design a plan of our brain.
For example, this would be somebody who is completely limited.
And this would be somebody who is totally interesting.
So where do you get your brain in this scale?
Some of these students are going to be about one of these extremes, but I think for most of the insects of this audience, their brain is something like -- with a great action in both hospitals at the same time.
It is not that you are excited.
You can be local and interaction.
I consider one of those people -- that as most of the other physical physics -- we need a lot of language to connect these ideas.
But at the same time, we need a lot in order to make the experiments really work.
How do we develop this institution? Well, we like to play with things.
We are going to play with them and then we see how we remember -- and then we develop our interaction from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
And a certain thing that you can have developed with the step of the years is the one that says one thing can be only in a place at the time.
I mean, it can be used to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you don't know with this notion -- they developed it.
I remember to look at a child playing in a piece of consequence.
It was a small child, and I didn't do it very well -- it always goes up.
But I guess that the play with that piece of energy is taught by a legal value -- and is that the big things don't allow them to be transported, and they stay in a place.
So this is a great concept that you can have in the world, except that you are a physics of particles in the world.
It would be a terrible model for a physics of particles -- because they don't play with these stations -- they play with these small particles with these very small particles with them.
And when you play with their particles -- they found that they do all kinds of things that are really weird -- as you can go on, or you can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all of these objects, and they call it theory of the quantum medicine.
And in that point it was found for a few years -- you need from the quantum metaphor to describe those little particles to describe these little particles to describe these little particles in it.
But you don't need the needed to describe the big objects that take us every day.
That wasn't very well at my interview, and maybe it is because I don't play very much with particles at all.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not a lot.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, I never saw a particular one.
But it was not very good to my light part of it.
Because if everything is made of small particles and all the little particles are going to get the principles of the quantum mechanics, then I should not get all of us to follow the principles of the collaboration metal?
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't be.
And so I would feel much better if I could be able to show that a common object also follow the principles of the quantum medicine.
That's why a few years ago, I have to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object that you can see it has been in a quantum mechanical movie.
So what we see here is a little computer.
And you can try to see the green point right in the middle of the middle in the middle of the market.
That is the metaphor of the goal I'm going to talk about a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here's what I'm going to show you a little bit about a little bit about a little bit about it.
And then here we do a very good attention to the small piece of metaphor.
So what we see is a little piece of metaphor, with the form of transportation, and it was surprised in a platform.
And then I did this almost about the same way that you would make a computer.
I went to a living room with a again, and I went to work all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material -- I had to build my own machine -- to make this brain with a piece of nation that is found under the device.
So this device has the ability to be in a quantum superconductor, but for it it needs a little help.
Let me make a advantage.
You know what it is to be in a collaboration full of people.
I mean, when I am in a alone. I do all kinds of things -- but then when other people have been able to do those things, because I don't want you to get it, or actually, it will be supposed.
The quantum metaphor says that the increased objects are made in the same way.
The journey of the old objects are not just people -- it's also the light that would be the light and the wind that happens to his side and the heart of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this piece of metaphor to be able to access to the quantum metaphor -- we would have to end up all the other pathogens.
And that's what we did.
We take the lights up, then we put up the air and we were able to get all the air all the air. And then we put it to a temperature of less than a degree on the top at all.
Now, by being just in the collaborator, the little piece of goal is free to act as I want.
So we measure their movement.
We found that it moved in very strange ways.
Instead of being perfectly sure, I was selling -- and the way that I saw was like a research in this form -- as a way that you get up and it goes on.
And when you give it a surface surface, we could make it look at the same time -- something that just happens with the quantum medicine.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean that one little thing is going to look at at the same time.
So let's think about them.
In a case -- all of the things that we have to do is that they put that piece of goal to be there, and at the same time, those same atoms are moving up and on the way.
It is just in the internal destructions when those people get up.
In the rest of the time they are depressed.
It means that every fear is in two different places at the same time, which at the same time means that the whole piece of goal is in two different places.
I think this is great.
All right.
And so I went out in a clean room to do this for all of those years, because you look at this, the difference in scale between a single talk and that piece of goal is more or less the same thing that the difference between that piece of goal and you.
So if one single thing can be in two different places at the same time, and that piece of goal can be in two different places, why don't you also do it?
I mean, it's my crazy part that I talk about.
So imagine if they were in several places at the same time, how would that be?
How do you go to your connection if your body was depressed in space.
There's another part of the story.
And it is when we carry it, and we looked at the lights and look inside the box -- we saw that the goal kept there in a single piece of it.
And I could get to this new interview, especially all of the objects in the collaboration actually are only objects that are just done in a little space.
You hear a lot about a lot about how much it is that it is interacting that all of it is interacting.
Well, that's not that true.
It's more than that, it's more profound than that.
It is that those conditions to all of the things that go up, literally define who you are, and that is the deep part of the quantum medicine.
Thank you.
My name is Angeles.
And about 18 months ago, I took another work in Google until I took the idea of doing something related to memories and art.
It took me 18 months.
A lot of business and stories -- you know, with 16 very interesting models of new countries.
But I'm going to focus on the way.
There's a lot of stories of why we did.
I think my own story is just experience in this slide and this is the access of it.
I grew up in India.
I get a great education of a great education -- but I didn't have access to many of these motors and art works of art.
And so when I began to travel and go to memories, I started to learn a lot.
And working in Google -- I try to make the desire of doing it more access to technology.
So we form a team -- a great team of people, and we started doing it.
So let me show you the challenge to explain a couple of interesting things that we've taken up from their line.
So we just go to Google.
You look around all the museums that there are.
It's the Greek Galapago, the Muslim, the Redwood, the Rose Golden Gold.
In fact, I'm going to go into one of my favorite factors, to Monterey, the art of New York.
There are two ways of doing it -- very simple.
We make a climate and care, we are already inside the museum.
It doesn't matter where they are, Burgha or Michael, that actually doesn't matter.
You move over there, and they get away.
Do you want to win for the museum?
And we open up the plane on the top -- and with one clear, we get in inside it.
They're in the end of the paradigm.
They go up to the street.
They explore.
Thank you, but I haven't come to the better.
Now I'm in front of one of my favorite paintings, "The Parkinson's Parkinsons, "The Park British in the Mexico.
I look at the next one.
If the museum shows us the image -- we make it carbon there.
Look at this is one of the images.
This is all of the information of medicine.
For those of you who are really interested in the art -- you can make a carbon there, but I'm going to make a clear right now.
And this is one of the images that we have happened in what we call the general technology.
So this image for example, I think, I think, about 10 million personalities.
And there are a lot of people who ask me, "What do you get about 10 million people?
So I'm going to show you what it really gets about 10 million personalities.
It can make a very simple way.
You see different things that are happening.
I love this girl -- his expression doesn't have a price of it.
But if you really want to make it.
So I started playing -- and I found me with something that happened there.
And I said, "Well, this seems interesting.
And I found out that kids were actually playing to something.
It was a little bit, I talked to some people from the Millern -- and I actually discovered that this is a game called "The "The "That -- which is going to be a collection with a point with a pain of California.
And when it was very popular for it.
I don't know why they did, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to move even more in deep and see that you can actually get to the graphics.
Now just to give you a little bit of people, I'm going to go to the image -- so you see what there is.
This is where we were, and this is the painting.
The best thing is to come up, a second.
So now we're going to go back to me again in New York.
Here's another one of my favorites, "The street.
The example I showed was to find decisions.
But what if you want to see the pathologists?
And if you want to see how they're going to look at the Germany design, I created this work makes?
And so it is a real thing that I do it.
I'm going to one of my favorite parts in this career, and I'm really going to get to the grandmass.
This is the night started." I think I had never seen it before.
I'm going to show you another one of my favorite ways.
There are many things more here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part -- it's called "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "Children.
All of you, absolutely all of you, it doesn't matter if it's rich or poor -- or if you have a man, that is the same.
You can be able to create their own memory, to create their own connection from all of these images.
It's very simple -- we come in, and I have created this function that I call "The power of the Marine, -- we just just made a man around me.
This is about "The Brooklyn Bangladeships, in the National Bank of London in London.
You can add things, send them to their friends and keep a conversation about what you feel when you feel the construction of these models for you.
So in control, I think for me, the main thing is that all the amazing things they don't really come from God.
No, in my view, even they don't come from memories.
Maybe it shouldn't say this.
They actually come from those architecture.
And that has been my humanity experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital media is going to be used to his art of art and that is represented in line.
And the big question that you do today is, "You do this to remember the experience of going to a movie?
And the answer is no.
It's to make the experience.
And that's all. Thank you.
Thank you.
All right.
I have something to show you.
You think it's a police, a value point.
In our lab we call it a sense of it.
I'm going to tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I am from the image of this picture -- all of the kids in Israel growing with this picture in the wall of their discussion -- but the reason I show you this is that it has happened something very interesting in the top of the past one in the last two decades, in the last two decades.
I do some time ago, if you wanted to win a friend of Francisco one, I took a company and I put it to a good piece and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot were enough enough to be good enough -- you put the career.
This is what in engineering is called control in real time.
It is a system that has two companies, a sense and a activity.
The interesting thing is that the control systems in real time are starting to go into our lives.
Our cities in the last few years, have been covered from networks and electricity.
They're becoming computers at the air.
And as a surface, they're starting to respond in a different way, and they can be destroyed and accessible.
The cities is a big thing.
As a note I wanted to make that the cities are just two percent of the planet of the planet, but they represent 50 percent of the global population.
70 percent of the energy energy -- and to 80 percent of the U.S.
If we could do something with cities, it would be a big thing.
beyond the cities, all of these diseases and active are getting into our collective objects in our college.
This is from an exploration of Paul Angeles for the end of the year in Monterey, during the summer.
It's called "The "Tell "The "Titanic?
Well, our objects, the environment, they start talking about.
In a way, it is like almost all of the things all the way that we are going to be sensitive and advanced.
And that is changing the interaction that as humans have with the outside environment.
In a sense, it's almost like at the old dream of Michael Line.
You know, when I Moet Marine screened the Mostown, you say that at the end I took the man and you get it down to the Mostown -- you can still see a little bit like this, and he said to me, "I was saying, "I was saying, "I want to say? Why don't you talk about?
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts to talk about.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples in the idea of taking the environment and accidental something.
Let's start with the direction.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects of our lab.
This was four and a half years ago.
It was a summer with the surface of 2007.
It was the year that Italy.
Maybe some of you remember it -- you put it up and France, and at the end of the Latin gave the head.
And all of us, at the end they get Iraq.
Now let's see what happened that day looking at the activity in the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the College in the middle and the Rose Root.
It's the morning, before the game.
The time of time is in the top of the time.
On the time there are people over here, there are people over here, and there you call them, moving up.
It starts the particular, silence.
German from Francisco -- Google of Italy.
Instead, people do a quick call and go to the baby.
Second time of time.
First of all, second time.
Little Zero, and in a moment, the head.
Galaxy Island, right?
That night they were all going to take it into the center of it.
So there you see the big piece.
The next day they were at the center at the center of the team and the first fear of then.
And then all the whole world.
You see the picture of the place called City Mars, where from the right time, people are going to carry, is a great phase -- you can see the piece at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how today you can measure the city of the city in a way that we wouldn't have been able to do just a few years ago.
Another quick example of detection, it's not about people, but of things that we use and we eat it.
Today, we know all about the price of our objects in our object.
This is a map that shows all the kids that you have a Martin -- how they get up.
But we know very little about where things.
And so in this project we developed a few small streets to solve the based on their spirit for the system.
We started with a few of you who helped us in Seattle a little bit more than a year ago, to take what they were going on, different kinds of things -- as you can see, things that are all going to be able to see.
And then we put them a little kid, a start, and then we started to solve it.
These are the results.
Participation from Sea.
After a week.
With this information we realized that there are a lot of engineers in the system.
We can do the same with much less energy.
These are data that they don't exist.
They're going on complex things, and there is a lot of transformation transparency.
But the other thing that we think is that if we look at all the days that the rate that we are going to do is not standing out, it's still somewhere in the planet.
So if the plastic beauty that we read a day still still there.
And if we show that to people -- then we can make some of the construction change.
That was the reason for the project.
My colleagues of MIT, I could tell you a lot more about detail and many other great things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we put into the beginning, which is to act on the environment.
And the first project is something that we did a couple of years ago.
It all started with a question of the city of the city, which came and told us the South Europe and the South Europe have a beautiful tradition of the water in public spaces in public space.
And the question was, how can technology technology, the new technology, will take that?
And one of the ideas that we developed in MIT -- in a short, it was, imagine that they have a car and values, values of survival, leaders that are open and come down.
It's created as a water, with water.
If you get the parachutes can write in them, you can show patterns -- you know, textbooks.
And when you get up, the content will open up so that we can spend in the picture.
We put this to the Benjamin Bang.
He liked a lot of it.
And they have a company to design the building to the exploration of the Earth.
We call it Paris Park Park.
All the building is made of water.
There are no weapons or and when you get up to be open for you to happen.
The car is also covered with water.
And if there is a little bit of wind -- if you want to deal with the surgeons -- it goes down the roof.
Or you can close the building.
Those days will always be somebody in the invention, when you go down the risk, someone who was there and he said, "Did you deal with the building building.
No, it's not that they have disappeared, but when you go down almost all of the architecture of the architecture.
Here it is in work.
You see the people interested by what happens in it.
And here I'm myself trying to do it not going to be able to make the feeling that they open water.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the services left to work.
That night was actually more fun.
All of the kids in Balloo came to the building because the way of interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that was open to be able to go up, but a building that I was going to go up and have a water of water and you had to be able to be able to move to it.
(Audience: And for us that was very interesting because as an architecture.
But then the reality is always improving.
And it's the beauty of doing things to interact that people use it.
So this is a picture of the building with physical experiments.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
So imagine that they could start to fly back to me.
Imagine that they could have little holes in the air and that each one had a little piece that changes color as if it was a cloud that is moving in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a horrible, like the one that we saw before, which is moving with each other in some people.
We could form this car.
This is a kind of fashion screen like this with a normal concept in two different ways.
Or normal -- but in three dimensions that change is light -- not the position of presents.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine that the screen is going to be in different particles and weeks in different types of evolution.
And then all of that could be a set of press in 3D to which you can take up, and you can go up, and see from very different teams.
This is the real control company, and I'm going down to a view, like before.
When you look at light, you see this. The same thing we saw before.
Imagine every one of them against a person.
So we can have each pilot with an environment that comes from people, the movement of people, etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Berlin -- one of the best balls in the back of today -- the star of the New York City and the State of Miller, to capture their movements in 3D and use them as a contract for the Park.
So here we can see Robert barrier.
On the left you see the paintings, the career in different institutions.
It's so much 3D discovery in real time.
It can get all the movement.
You can remember all the way.
And once we have the parallels that we can play with them, with the color and the movement.
We want to use this as a possible.
I wanted to show you the last project that we're working on.
This is something for the University of London.
It's called the Carolina.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could send people to do something and change our environment -- almost like a critical creation -- like the big crime, but with a clinic.
Imagine that we could be able to make them a little bit for a point.
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened in the last few years is that, in the last two decades, we went from the physical world to the digital world.
We've done everything like knowledge -- and it's access to the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- for the first time, we can be able to spend the digital world, of the design power of the networks -- the physical world.
In our case, this may be used to use it to design and make a surprise.
That means something built in a city.
But moral can be to take the challenges of today, think about climate change or the emotions of CO2 -- how to move from the digital world to the physical world.
The idea is that we can make people involved to do this together, in a collective way.
And the cloud is a class, again, made of presents in the same way that the real thing is a set of particles in the same way.
And those particles are water, while in our task are present.
This is a physical structure in London -- but it came out of paintings.
You can move in it, having different experience.
You can see from the bottom -- to be able to share the main moments of the Germany Gulf of 2010, and even more, and it can use as a way of connection with the community.
So it is so much a physics of the sky as something that you can take up, like a new list of London comes in.
You can go out there.
And as if it was a new digital face in the night, but the most important thing is that it will be a new experience for anyone who goes to the sky.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than they are.
They said that I told you that, with just a few changes in their genes -- you could improve the memory -- for one more press, more exactly and faster than that.
Or maybe you would like to be in better way, to be more strong -- having more resources.
Would you like to be more active and sure of itself."
What about living more healthy?
Or maybe they're about those people who want to be more creative.
What are you going to do about it?
So what would you like if you could choose something like that?
(Music and Congo Creativity.
How many people would choose creative?
Take your hand. Let me see.
First of all, you probably had the amount of creative people.
That's very good.
How many of you would take the memory?
A few more.
And the physical state.
A little less.
What about the line?
Oh, most of that makes me feel very well as a doctor of it.
If you could have some of this the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or maybe is it possible?
The evolution has been an issue here in the TED Constitution, but today I want to give you the view of a doctor on the ground.
The great generation of the 20th century -- TED, that I was able to put up in the World York City wrote, wrote a transparency called "No biology in biology has sense to the light.
But if you impact the biological evolution consider this, it's just about the past, or the future of the future, or the future of the future, or the future of the future, or the future of the future, or the future of the future, or the future of the future, or the future of the future, or the future of the future, or the future of the future, or the
Do you mean the other or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this rate, well in an end -- is, of course, the most interesting us.
We get out of a common car with the modern chimps about six or eight million years ago.
There has been maybe 20 or 25 different species of homes.
Some of them have gone back and fly.
We have been here about 150 years old.
It could seem like we're very far from other parts of this tree of life, but actually in the most basic machine of our cells is more or less the same.
Do we realize that we can take and control the machine of a common bacteria to produce the production of human intelligence that is used to treat the diagrams?
This is not like human intelligence, but it's the same protect -- increasingly indication, that I came out of the patients.
And talking about bacteria -- they realize that we all get in the most bacteria than the cells that we have in the rest of the body.
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, you think about -- when Anderson David plays the guy from the automatic, think about the batteries?
The interesting is a wonderful environment.
It's clear, dark -- it's very angience.
And we are going to provide all the nature that you can want to want to want to want to want to want to want to want to want to want to want to want to want to want to want to want to want to want to want to want to want to want to want to want to want to want to want to want to want to
It really is like a quick thing for the bacteria with the original intelligence of some force towards the room.
But so we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life.
They help us to make the essential nature, and they protect us from certain disease.
But what are we going to give us the future.
Are we in a kind of evolution as a species?
Or do you have to become a different thing -- something maybe better than the environment?
In this view of the universe, the lives of the universe, life in Earth is like a bad company, the animal recent -- as a single and only companies, and the human life, a little piece of thank you.
That was us.
And it was also the interesting part of this talk so I hope that they have found it.
When I went back to the university I had my first kind of biology.
I was fascinated by the choice and the beauty of biology.
I was able to be able to be able to be able to get the power of evolution and realized something fundamental -- most of the existence of life, every single cell is just designed and all the genetic energy of that cell is brought to the two children.
But when you look at the mathematical organisms -- things start to change.
I was in the side of the sexual research.
And something very important, with the sex of sexual religion that happens the genome -- the rest of the body becomes pressure.
In fact, you could say that the discovery of the death of the body in evolution in the same moment of sexual research.
I have to tell you that when I was a college student I thought, well, service, secret, dead for sex -- it looks pretty rich at that moment, but with every year that I was going on, every time I had more disabilities.
I got to understand the feeling of George Bush, who still was able to put in the Google Victorians in their 90 years.
And one night someone goes up to his hospital door of home.
He open the door.
And I found it to him in the way it was a block of rocket light.
He looked at it and he says, "I want to look for a sex sale.
It's good -- he says Google, I call the subject?
I realized -- as a doctor -- that I was working by a different goal to the goal of evolution -- not necessarily constant, just different.
I was trying to test the body.
And I wanted us to keep us healthy.
I wanted to remember health in disease.
I wanted you to live more and more health.
The evolution is going to spend the genome to the next generation to the next generation -- advice and support generation after generation.
From a point of view, you and I are kind of like some of the brain records to send the genetic college at the next level of the next level and then let me go into the sea.
And I think we all understand the feeling that explorers Steve when he said, "I don't want to get the instrument through my work.
I want to do it not doing?
The evolution doesn't necessarily need to be fascinated.
You don't necessarily need to go to the biggest or the faster or the faster and not even to the most smart one.
The evolved evolution to the better creatures to their environment.
That is the only test of survival and success.
In the bottom of the ocean of the oceans that you can survive to the card of the forces that I would produce -- if there were fish there, I fish the vaccine, yet they've been able to make that an open environment.
So what does this mean when we look at what is happening in evolution and if we go back to the place of humans in evolution and in particular if we look at it, to the fact, the next one, I would say there are a lot of possible.
The first one is we don't evolved it.
We've got a kind of balance.
And the amazing reason would be that through medicine -- first of all, we have been able to provide a lot of genes that are in the other way they would have been developed and the population of the population.
And second, as a species -- we have built our environment for us to be associated to us as well as we go to it.
And by the way, we carry, and we find it so much that you can already have a possible thing to have to have to get the evolution to happen.
A second possibility is that you produce an evolution of the traditional type of natural type of nature for the forces of nature.
And the argument here would be, that the engineers of evolution will go down, but they're intelligent.
And at the end of the straight, when we kind of kind of kind of kind of different planets are going to exist and the environmental changes that can produce the evolution in natural way.
But there is a third possibility -- a contracting possibility -- intelligence and angry.
The news neuron, the new evolution -- which is not just natural -- it is not just natural and choose for us as individuals in the decisions that we're going to do.
Now, how could this happen.
How could we do this?
First of all, we are going to consider the reality that many people today, in some culture, are making decisions of their destruction.
In some culture, they are able to have more blood than women.
It's not a good thing for society, but it's what it takes to individual and family.
They also think that if it could be possible to be able to choose not only the sex of their destruction, but in their own body will do the people who are going to face or prevent disease.
And if we could do the genetic changes to end the dollars or the Alzheimer's or reduce the risk of cancer.
Do you want to do those changes in their genes in their genes in their genes in their genes in their genes in their genes in their genes in their genes in their genes in their genes in their genes in their genes in their genes in their genes in their genes in their genes in their genes in their genes in their genes in their genes in your genes
If we look at the future that kind of change is going to be more and more possible.
The human genome started in 99 and it was 13 years old.
It was 120 million dollars.
At the next year of having ended up in 2009, I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
Today, you can get a full sequence of the three million parts of the human genome to a cost of the human genome to the 20th and in a week.
We don't have a lot to make a lot to make the human genome for 1800, and it will be more and more at the end of all.
They get those change.
The same technology that has produced human intelligence in bacteria can be seen that they're not just going to protect us to protect them but they are going to be involved against other viruses against each other.
Crazy or there is not an extraordinary trial in course with the voice against the culture against the cells of a surface plan.
Can you imagine something good about the size?
That's actually today and in the future is going to be more and more possible.
Imagine then just two little change.
Can you change the cells of their bodies but if you could change the cells of their destruction?
And if you could change the hope and the values -- or to change the values that are faster -- and give your kids a better opportunity of a more healthy life, to get the distribution, to get the stranger, to reduce the risk of cancer.
Who doesn't want the most significant, some more self-constantly.
And then, that same artificial technology, that same molecule of science that can produce diseases to prevent disease is going to allow us to also be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
Why don't you have the engineering of a Kenya.
Why does it have to have a more fast conversation that allows us to run faster and more different?
Why does it not live more time.
This is going to be a little bit.
And when we are in conditions of getting this to the next generation and we could be able to add the ants that we wanted to be able to become the evolution of the evolution in the universe.
We're going to take a process that I could normally take 100 years and we can buy a thousand years and maybe happens within the next 100 years.
These are choices that their brands, or the black ones of their bottles, they're going to have to them.
Are we going to use these choices in a better society, more successful society, more surprisingly, more consequence?
Or are we going to be able to choose very different algorithms that we want to do for some of us but not for the other?
Are we going to build a society that is more analyzed and more residential or more robots and more volunteers?
This is the kind of question that we're going to have to find out.
And the most profound thing about all, we're going to be able to develop the wisdom and take the wisdom that you need to take these decisions along?
For good or bad and before what I could think, these choices are going to stop us.
Thank you.
Imagine a great explanation when you are about 300 feet of high train.
Imagine a pill full of humor.
Imagine a motor making call, clear, of course.
Of course, of course, clear, clear.
Well, I had a single thing that day that day. I was sitting in the 18 percent.
It was the only one that I could talk to the back of the back.
So of course, I looked at them, and they said, "You know, there's no problem. We probably put a few backs.
He had already seen the airplane, and we were not so far.
You could see Mars.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot is the airplane with the Hollywood River.
It's usually not the room.
And I went up the markets.
Imagine to be in a airplane and without subjects.
And then he said three words.
The three words that have ever heard about.
He said, "I want to be presented.
I didn't have to talk more about the back of the back.
I could see it in your eyes.
It was terrible -- life got up.
I want to share with you three things I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in a international.
We have this list of things to do before we die before we die before we die before, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people who wanted to get and I didn't do it -- all the cells I wanted to do, all the experiences I've wanted to have and I never have.
As I was thinking about that more antibiotics, I came up with a fresh, which is, "The "search cameras.
Because if the city is ready and the person is there, I'm going to open it.
I don't want to play anything in life.
And that pressure, it really has changed my life.
The second thing that I learned that day -- and this is while we did the George George War, that I wasn't for a lot -- I thought about -- I thought, "I really feel a great spider.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity.
But in my humanity also gave me place to my own.
And then the time that I discovered in things that don't matter with people who are important.
And I thought about my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then, as a measure in that, I decided to choose the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect -- but it's much better.
In two years, I haven't had a piece with my wife at all.
It feels wonderful.
I don't try to have reason, I choose to be happy.
The third thing I learned -- and this is just like your mind is going on, 12,000 percent, 12, 12.
You see the water.
I'm saying, please.
I don't want this to be used in 20 pieces as you see in those disasters.
And as we went down, I had the feeling of it, which I had to die is not fighting.
It's almost like we've been ready for it all our life.
But it was very strange.
I didn't want to go -- I love my life.
And that street was made in a single thought, which is, just wish one thing.
I could see my kids growing up.
A month later, I was in an action of my daughter -- first of all, not a lot of art standards -- still --  and I graduate, I mean, as a little one.
And for me, that was all the reason to be the world.
In that point I think, when you connect those two points -- that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great father.
For all of all, the only goal I have in life is to be a good father.
And I was told by a mile, not to die that day.
And I was told to be a contract that was the possibility to look at the future and come back and live in another way.
So you are going back today, the challenge that you imagine that you can imagine that the same thing happens in their airplane -- and please not that -- but imagine -- and how do you change it?
What are you going to do, that they still hope to do because they think you're going to live for it?
How do you change their relationships and energy energy in them?
And the most important thing, are the best parents that can you?
Thank you.
I've clearly been born in life with many amazing projects.
But the biggest thing that I worked was for this guy.
The guy is called TED.
TED was one of the most important farmers in the 19th century.
One day came to his home after I walked up and he said, "Day, I feel an ant in the parents?
And that was the beginning of the Eleptric.
So today TED has a correct paradigm.
It can only use the eyes.
His work in me.
I have a design of design and animal so that obviously the graph is something that we are interested in the world of the art.
And so we decided that we were going to be able to pay Tom, TED, and their cause to it.
So I went and I met his brother and his father and I said, "We are going to give you this money.
What are you going to do with it?
And his brother said, "I just want to be able to talk about Hollywood again.
I just want to communicate with him and he is able to communicate with me.
And I said to him, "The second, it's not that -- I look at Steve Haiti, isn't that all people with parallel can communicate through those parks?
And he said, "No, unless you have somebody important and you have a very good sure you can't actually do it.
These devices are not possible for people.
And I said, "Well, how do you communicate here?
Does someone look at the movie "The film and the mountain?
They communicate in that way, and they go down with the finger.
I said, "That's actually. How can it be?
So I got up with the single desire of getting a colleague, and instead of that I was looking at an idea that I had not had the best idea of how I was going to cover it.
I bought his brother and with his father there in that moment at the time, "Oh, this is the treatment, Tom is going to talk to you -- we're going to build a machine -- and we're going to find a way to make her art again.
Because it's relative that someone who has so much in his inside can't communicate it.
So I talked about a couple of months later.
I met these guys called GDP "Ranger, who have a technology that allows them to produce a light in any surface and then, with a legal point -- they draw on that and reduce the negative space.
So they're going to go up and make art institutions like this.
All of the things that they do, they say, are part of a list of life.
First of all, they start with the sexual organs and then with the bad words, then with the analysis to Boston and at the end, people start to make art.
But there was always a list of life in their pressures.
And so it started the journey of it.
And about two years later, after a year after a year after a lot of organization and so much move things out of one side we had made a couple of things.
One, we took the door of the safe companies and we got a machine so that TED could communicate -- a machine like Steve Hawaii.
Which was great.
And in fact, it's about the most fun -- I call him Homo, because when you talk to the guy you get a electric coral of him, and you say, "I don't know. This guy is fantastic."
The other thing that we did was to bring seven programs around the world -- certainly from all the parts of the planet, to our home.
My wife, the kids and I, we moved to the back of the back and these horizons and programs and artists and anti-processing and the control of the house.
A lot of our friends thought that we did something completely surprised and when we come back to the cars of the wall and in their place would be graduate.
But for two weeks -- we went to the map of Vid, my son was part of my son -- my dog too, and we create this.
It's called "The "American Electroshic, and you can see the description.
They are a couple of soldiers that we bought in the mass rate of Vid Berkeley, some of the collaboration of collaboration and things from Homo Desperator and Roman State.
We took a Pole California, we open it up on a light of LED and now there is a device that is free -- they build one ourselves, we published the graduate code -- the software is based on a fragile way.
And we created a device that doesn't have a limitation in it.
There are no sure that I say no.
There is no hospital that I can say no.
Any person with parallels today has access to draw and communicate using their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much to you. That was important.
So at the end of the two weeks we went back to the TED room.
I love this picture because this is the room of another person and that's his room.
And there was all of this ball and water during the big institution.
And after a year of a year, two weeks of program, two weeks from all night -- Tunisian went back to the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the system of their life, and it's looking through the size of their life.
And we put it up the way that I could see.
And we put a project on a wall of the hospital of the hospital.
And he was going to draw for the first time in front of his family and friends -- and you can imagine what the feeling in the stage.
The funny thing was that we had to be able to stay in the environment so that we feel like we were going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to read the graph.
At the end of this he gave us a electrical room, and this was what he said, "This was the first time he was called in seven years.
I felt like if I had been under the water and somebody finally came to me and I was going to go out there so that I could start?
Isn't it wonderful?
In a way, that's our war.
That's what they keep us in movement -- develop it.
And we have a long way to remember with this.
It's a general device but it's the equivalent of a Martin Pale.
Somebody with this artificial potential makes a lot more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and reduced.
Since then we've had all kinds of record.
We've got a lot of professions.
remember, it's free -- none of us is doing money with this.
All of our own balls.
The teachers were from the guy, "Oh, this is fascinating.
And American stands something about us and then, in decision, the Team Telescope came up to us as one of the 50 percent of 2010, and it was really great.
The best of all of this -- and this is what I ended up to close the cycle -- is that in terms of this year in the Gulf of MTT at the center of Earth is going to be a exploration called "Arability in the Carolina.
And "All in the Caroliness, it's going to have the best experts of the urban art.
TED is going to be in the student which is pretty important.
So, basically this is my idea, if you see something that is not possible.
No one of what there is in this room was possible -- it was possible -- the computer, the computer, the character, nothing was possible in a certain moment.
It's possible -- anything about this room.
I'm not a program, I never did anything with the collaborative recognition, just recognize something and I took me with wonderful people to make it happen.
And these are the questions that I want all of us to do all the days when we find something that we feel like we have to do it. If it's not now, when I'm not me, what?
Thank you.
I've spent the last few years by moving in very difficult situations and at the same time a very dangerous time.
I went to the creation -- hard.
I worked in a common mile, dangerous.
And I ended up in areas of war -- difficult and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days by using this -- fun to the beginning, something difficult in the middle -- very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a huge part of my career I've been based on the surgeons in the only goal of trying to try and explore social questions in ways that they are responsible in ways of ways that are actually active, interesting -- and they are going to take them out in a way that you see statistics and access to the audience.
So when I knew I was going to come here to make a TED on the world and the patient wanted to do something a little bit different.
So some of you can have heard -- or not, a couple of weeks ago, a couple of weeks ago.
And I sent some of the messages in Facebook -- some of them in Twitter, and I was able to see the rights of the name of my TED TED.
What was the next thing that was the next thing, "The NASA President, my TED protection, which you have no idea what it is to be and as it could be able to explain in the face -- especially if I put it into a record to you or your company to do it.
But he said this, it's a very good medical opportunity.
Do you know how many people look at these TEDsters."
A lot.
It's a transition in progress by the way.
So I still knew that somebody was going to buy the rights of the name.
If I would have asked him a year ago, I had not been able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get
But in the new fear that I'm working on, we were working out the world of the marketing of the public.
And as I said, I have been attacked in the last few years in the last few years, but nothing could make me, nothing could be able to do, for something so hard or so dangerous as going into the room with these kinds of guy.
You see, I had this idea for a movie for it.
Martin Superman, I want to make a film that comes from the production of products -- the market and the public and that all the end of the film is actually financial with products of products and public and public.
The film is going to call "The biggest film ever volunteer.
What happens in "The biggest movie is that everything in the bottom is that everything in the bottom -- it has a little bit of market, all the time -- all the time, from the audience that comes back before it comes before the territory, the black short.
Now this mass -- Mars Star, the Steve Carter.
These people are going to be able to go up to the fire to the park of the party.
And this is the way that I explore all this idea. (Most Manhattan is really really really really really?
I am a recent point of a recent point, and I just say it. It was more for the elements.
It was "Play."
But we're not just going to have the painting of the black market in the ground but we are going to make sure that we are going to make sure that we were able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get in the fire.
Maybe we sell a skill and it becomes the most general rate that you've used to.
The most general car that you have been born in "The largest film in the biggest sea, the best transportation that you have been broken, the biggest film of "The biggest first view."
Bronx Korean, the idea is then so much as a part of life, you will make them find the fire?
And the goal of the whole film is the transportation.
You're going to see all the process in this film, in this film, you can see it.
That's the whole idea -- all the end of the beginning of the end.
And I would love it to help me make it happen.
Robert Francisco, you know, it's thank you because it's the first time I hear that, it's the most respect of the audience.
Google, though, I don't know how much people are going to be people to that.
KB: You have a perspective -- I don't know if "No, it is very necessary, but you know how it's going to replace?
MR: A million and a half -- DNA, Johnson Kanneva, I think it's going to be hard to be difficult with them, but it's not going to fly the way to go to a couple of big materials.
KB: Who you know, maybe for the moment that the film is going to look at the movie as a lot of gender language.
MR: What do you think it's going to be the answer.
Steve Rose, most of the answers will be not."
MR: But will it be hard to sell it, by the bottom or to be me?
JH: both things.
MR: Yes, it means you're not very excited.
So you help me, I need help.
MK: I can help.
MR: All right.
MK: We have to think about what you do.
MR: Yeah.
MK: We have some places where to go to go.
MR: I thought that "I call the camera?
And the camera means we don't want to know anything about your film.
MR: And so it was, one for one -- all of these companies of a suddenly disappeared.
No one wanted to have anything to do with this film, with this.
I was amazing.
They didn't want to know anything with this project.
And it was very important, I thought that the concept of the public -- it was to present the product to so many people as possible. It will make so many people saw it as possible.
especially in the world today this understanding of new media and old media and the space of the special media is not the idea to tell that new version of attention.
No, that's what I thought about.
But the problem was, you see, that my idea had a white brain, and that brain was this.
In fact, there was not a service.
There was no argument in all.
This would have been good.
But the problem was what this picture.
You see, when you look for images in Google --      -- this is one of the first images that they are.
I like your way to replace, Sweden Brazil. No.
This was the problem -- the transportation, the strategy of simulation or self-responsibility, -- it's essentially described or seen -- it's essentially considered by the violence or access of information, about everything in the business practice -- being the last line maybe the biggest problem.
You see, we hear a lot about the transition in these days.
Our politics the name of the name -- the name of the name -- even the name of the name.
But suddenly when you try to make it really something change.
But why is it? Well, the transportation day --  like that beautiful step that still still still stands up.
It's improvise.     like this particular way.
And it's also very strange.
What other thing is any artist?
I would eat a full reason from Colombian War.
That's very strange.
When I started talking to the companies and to tell you that we wanted to tell this story and they said, "No, we want you to tell a story.
We want you to tell you a story, but you have to be studying story."
You see, when I was a kid, and my father would take me into some of them -- and there is him looking like it used to do it -- he said, "Hey, there are three side in every story.
It's your story, it's my story, and it's the real story.
As you see, in this phenomenon we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just a company -- an addition wanted to help -- and that only because I met John Bangladesh and Richard Bernads' and I realized that I would have to go for my own. I would have to get to the interview and go to the companies with all my team.
So what I started to do is that what I started to look at is that when I start to realize that when you start to connect with companies the idea of understanding your husband is a universal problem.
MR: I have friends who make big film, huge gas and others and other people who make small movies like me.
And my friends who are doing from Human Homes big, galaxies, they say that the reason why their molecules have so much success is to the markets that they have.
And then my friends who are doing smart molecules say, "Well, how are we supposed to share with these big, gifts of Hone"" movies.
And the film is called "The largest film of vision?
How are we going to see especially in the film?
Every time I'm going to go out, every time I open my bank, you'll see the Bang Bang.
At any moment for a moment with someone I can say, "You are good for this interview."
Are you listening? You see you a little bit.
I want to help you help you.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview."
And there's one of these things fascinated.
So much "Stephory, like "The Parkinson's Parkinsons?
We are going to have so much for man as a woman -- soldier, back to balance, as it is.
That's the general view.
Now I can tell you about your questions and give them a construction look at it.
Kang Francisco, we are a little short.
It was a little bit of a little little bit of small molecules that you said, we are more good at a relative market.
And so we don't have the company that they have other materials.
So doing things like this, you know, remember the people is the reason that this is interesting us.
MR: What words would you use to describe to Barrier?
Bass is in white one.
BF: That's a big question.
Audience: technology.
MR: technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in the artist.
Man: So let's talk about something about something about it, free.
I think I figure out it's a great word that I really put to this care in positive position and self-responsible seat.
You keep you.
How do we keep you a little bit more time, with better fragment, the more fragile, three times a little bit.
So things like those of you who are going to get the benefits together.
MR: And that's a massive company.
What about me? What about a common guy.
I need to talk to the man in the street -- people like me, to the common Patterns.
They have to talk about my market.
MR: How do you do your market?
Man: Did my market?
I don't know.
I like the good.
Mother, recognized the 80 percent, said to less than it will be day.
MR: Well, what is the Galapago.
Germany, a unique thing.
I like a lot of the dark colors and so on.
And so they get access to access as a surface gas -- or I like the critical and similar chairs.
Man: If David was a market could be a climate called the Mars Mars.
man two, the market I am -- I call it collaboration.
Woman two, in a piece of heart, in a piece of mine, in part of the Brazilian Bill, I don't know.
Man: I am the type of motors.
I'm going to come up in the country in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my market.
In my little sector -- that's my market.
Man: My husband is Francisco because I got the market.
Man: Man filmmakers, Martin photographer.
Is that?
And I'm a love factor.
Talk, I'm Talk.
MR: Well, we can't all be marketing to me, but I often care about it in the intensive of the dark and completely collaborative college.
I realized I needed an example.
I needed somebody who could go into my head, somebody who could help understand what they call the male personality.
And I found a company called Obama Mars in Paris.
They were helped to companies like New Francisco, Francisco to discover that piece of market.
If they could do it for them, they could actually do it for me.
And Alexander, the picture, right?
MR: Yeah. The first picture is a family.
All, a little bit about how you think about your thinking and feel your way to be.
MR: These people model my way to see the world.
All right.
MR: So that world -- I think your world is the world in which you live up, like the people who surrounded you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things are generated and they start in a place and in my case, they get up and start in my family, in the West Virginia.
All, what is the next thing you want to talk about.
MR: The next one is this was the best day of my life.
All, how do you recognize this with your thoughts -- you feel and your way to be?
MR: It's like who I want to be me.
I like different things.
I like all the right things -- I like the right things.
All, how much of the message, what do we look like that?
What is the mass?
Why is it important to read? What does the red reduce?
A little bit about that.
A little more than you, which is not who you are.
So what other metaphors have you had has?
It doesn't have to be fear -- what kind of mountain are you?
MR: Yeah.
All right, thank you for your patient.
MR: Yeah, I don't know what's going to get out of this.
There was a lot of care in all of this.
Library Mars, the first thing that I saw was this idea that there are two different side, but completely in your marketing person, the Martin Marine Martin is a conservative material.
They get very well together.
And I think there's almost a piece in them.
And I think some companies are just going to focus on one of their strong dots or in the other instead of finding in both of them.
A lot of companies tend to understand -- and it's human nature -- to avoid the things that are not safe -- they get the fear -- those elements -- and you actually give you a little bit of hands and make a positive thing for you, and it's great to see that.
So what other molecules are it?
The first one here is climate, Alexander.
And you can see it also here to California, Brazil, Milo College and Jones.
Now there are line legal and collaborative markets, those things that have gone and come up and come up and come up and come up with a pretty powerful thing.
MR: A recently slide market. What's your market?
If somebody asked you to describe your death identity -- your marketing personality, what would it be?
Are you a storyteller. Are you somebody who makes the soul flow?
Or are you more well a decline attack?
A little bit later, research, consumers?
And the blue antibodies are like being leading to be free as the Principle, controller, and advanced or automatic or automatic like Europe Francisco, fast or a bit -- property, magic or medical or metaphor like Gandhi.
Or are you more good from anti-programmers?
Are you consequenced, as a controller.
Are you survival, transparency, protection, protection, you can do with Obama?
You're considered, stranger, family, family, self-constant, safe, controllers, or knowledge, like the David Laboratory or OK?
In the course of this film we had more than 500 companies and searching and destinations, they were like, "No, they didn't want to be part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film -- often because they wouldn't have control -- they would not have control about the final product.
They allowed us to tell us the story of the neuroscience, and we get to tell the story in this film of how you now use the magic resistance to identify the cells in the brain so much for complete marketing as a collaboration.
We went to San Park where they have been able to put the audience into the air.
All over the city for the last five years there are no values, there are no careers, there are no values, nothing.
And we went to schools in the ones that companies are doing in schools with line in the U.S.
The amazing thing for me is that the projects in which I've had the biggest answer or in which I've had more success are those in the ones I've been interested with different things.
And that's what they did these markers.
They took the intelligence, they went to their advances, and they said, maybe these ideas don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to treat you directly with the architecture.
I'm going to work with him to create something different -- something that is going to do to people, which is going to do the way we look at the world.
And how do you do that? Do you have sure?
Well, since the film is standing in the Superman State, let's take a look at it.
In Berties the movie is straight in the ball, and this is not all -- and this is not all -- we've had 100 million images in the media for this fire.
This is just a period of two weeks and a half weeks old.
That's just in line -- no pressure -- no TV.
The film still doesn't get up.
It's still not at all. It's not at all.
It's not even been present in other countries yet.
In the last idea, this film has already started to make improvement.
And it's not bad because almost all of the things that we talk to you about how many of them will not be part of it.
I've always believed that if you take up, if you take risks -- that in those risks there are opportunity.
I think when you go to the people of that is getting them to the Africa.
I think when you go into their employees in the risk of the risk is losing all their company to get records.
I feel that what it has to happen to figure out is that we have to choose people to get up.
We have to send people to the people who don't have a fear of the opportunities that you can support.
In the last century, I think, I think we have to give them place to the fear of it.
We have to put that object in a cat.
Let's look at the fear -- let's take the risk out.
On the same time, we have to open the risk up.
And in fact, we have to be able to go to the transport.
Now more than a little bit of honor is going to get a long way.
And he said this, with honor and transportation, all of my talk about the Treatment, has been present by my good friends who for 1850, which for 165.
PM: It became great data in great opportunities for companies around the world.
MTT: We present the Transistor.
Thank you very much.
John Congress, then, Mars, in the name of the transportation, which happened exactly with those 1870s?
MR: It's an emotional question.
I have a collaboration at the name of the TED organization of TED, the San Santa Santa, a collaboration for 1850, to be attention to the TED for TED next year.
The idea behind the Street information is actually very simple.
We don't want to be able to get the nuclear blood.
His biggest activity to develop nuclear galaxies is the professional plant of Arab in National.
The black box that you see are control systems in real time.
If we have to buy these systems that they control vaccines and values, we can cause a lot of problems with the contrast.
The black box doesn't use Buddha software -- they're a completely different technology.
But if we were able to put an effective virus of Babs in a body organization used by an engineers to build this black box -- then we are listening.
This is the plan behind Steve.
We started with a Brandon institution.
And the origami goes into the black box -- it gives the control, and the nuclear nuclear program is hard, mission.
It's easy.
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
And when we started to research about Steve six months ago, the purpose was completely continually.
The only thing that he knew is that it's very, very complex in the part of the Bangladeships, the institution used multiple viruses of the speed.
It seems to do something with these grandfathers -- these control systems.
That called us the attention -- and we started an experiment where we started our environment with Stanford and we saw what was going on with this.
So they had very strange things.
Steve was built as a lab of lab that I didn't like our face, and I didn't want to eat it.
I had no sense for me.
And then I was going to experience with different stands of light, and I realized it, and I thought, this is a deal with a dealing with.
It's completely definition?
The institution is looking at in the black box if you find a specific consumer, and even if the program that's trying to figure out is essentially working on that place.
If not, Steve doesn't do anything.
So that called my attention -- and we started working in this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought, "We don't know what the goal is.
It could be, let's say for example, a program of the United States, or a chemical plan in Alexander.
So better than we found on the right goal for it.
And so we went up and described the attack code and we found out that I was structure in two digital brands, a small and a big one.
We also saw that they were very likely for people who obviously had all the interesting information.
They know all of the dots that I will take up.
You probably even know how much it takes the operation.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that the result of Stanford is complex and high technology, let me tell you, the card is very complex to you.
It's very above everything we have seen before.
Here you see a show of this activity of attack.
We are talking about about 15 lines of science.
It looks quite the old limited language.
I want to tell you how we could find sense of this code to this.
What we looked at at the beginning was called the system, because we know what they do.
Then we looked at terms and data structures and we try to deal with the real world with the real world of the real world.
We need trees about demonstrations that we could be able to be able to do or develop.
In order to get theory about objects -- we remember that it is completely a visual surface, it has to be a fly white -- and it is very used in India, because it's where most of the intelligence has been represented.
They don't find several thousands of objects in that area.
It basically goes down to the nuclear power of nuclear energy and the plant of National people.
And so I said to my advance, "I read a list of all of the experts in controllers and energy plants between our careers."
I called them and I got them into an effort to tell their experience with what we found in code and data.
And it works pretty well.
So we could take the little digital eye with the control of the robot.
The robot is that mobile part within the contrast, that black object you see.
If you keep the speed of this robot -- you can certainly make it and even make the contract explore.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to do it to do it and get up in an effective object to come back to the engineering engineers so that they couldn't solve this quickly.
We tried to figure out the big digital hole looking very close at the data and their structures in the data.
So for example, the number of a 16-year-old number -- you can't get up.
I began to be able to be able to do science limited about how these colleagues are built in National and found that they're structure in what's called a card, and every single care comes up with 150 cents.
That had sense, there was a constant.
And it gets better yet.
These controls in Iraq are designed in 15 parts called the stages.
And guess what we found in the activity of attack?
A almost implication structure.
So again, that was a good constant.
This gave us a lot of trust to understand what we had between hand.
So there's no money, it wasn't like this.
The results have been made after several weeks of hard work.
And we would certainly end up in the streets without dancing and we had to begin to begin with.
Even so, we found out that both digital choices were going to one and the same objective, but from different neighbors.
The small hole is taking a card, and making the robots and recording them, and the big ocean is communicate with six cards and carrying vaccines.
We are very aware that we have discovered what the demonstration is.
It's National, and it's only National.
We don't have to worry that other objects are taken by Stanford.
So here I show you a lot of very interesting things that we saw -- I really made me.
So there is the black box -- and you see the contrasts.
What this thing does is to increase the health values for example, for example, from the sensors of pressure and the sensors of violence and protection completely light, which is still in front of the attack, with face data.
And I think or not, these data data is provided by Stanford.
It's like in the Hones of Hong where, during the right, the security camera is a video of video video.
Is it great.
And the idea here is obviously not only to break the operations in the fourth of control in the control.
It's really much more dangerous and agency.
The idea is to bring a digital security system.
We need a digital security system where a human company could not act fast.
For example, in a energy plant -- when the great force of value is going on, you have to open out of space in a minute.
obviously, this can't make a human object.
That's where we need a digital security systems.
And when they are completely able to spend bad things.
The plant can explore it.
And I don't think of the security system is going to do it.
That supports.
But it can be worse of it.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this. This artist is general.
It doesn't have anything to see -- especially with controllers, with the free of the free.
It could also work as well, for example, in an energy plan or in a supply factory.
It's general.
And you don't have a advantage -- which will make this letter with a TV card, as we saw in the case of Stanford.
You could also use the collective technology to do it.
I will tell you the most possible.
And if you were doing that, with what you would end up with a matter of a massive device.
That's the consequences that we need to find out.
Unfortunately, the biggest number of objects for the attacks is not in the Middle America.
It's in the United States and in Japan.
All of the green areas are space with great numbers.
We need to figure out the consequences and better than we start to pay right now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Ranger, it has been done in a lot of side in many side that the Monterey is the main understanding behind this.
What's your operation?
Kang Lander, OK, really want to hear this?
Yeah. Okay.
My office is that the Mosto is investing, but the goal is not Israel.
And the goal behind this is the contracting surface.
There is a single one, and it's the United States, fortunately, fortunately.
Because in another way, our problems would be even larger problems.
CA: Thank you for advision. Thank you, Laden.
I want you to imagine a robot that can be able to take and that you can take surface states, or another one that makes you use of streets to get up and go back and walk up.
In "Business Bangladeships, we call these robots exceptions.
They are nothing different than something you put in the morning, gives you a great force -- that I also increase his speed and he helps him -- for example, to keep the ball.
It actually is the real intelligence of man and the machine.
But not just that -- it can get it into the universe and connect it with the universe and with other extraordinary ways.
This is not a real idea.
To show you now in what we're working on to talk about the American soldiers that, in average -- it has to take about his spinal career of about 45 kilometers -- and it's going to take it even more team.
obviously, this leads to some important complexity -- legal changes in the spirit, in 30 percent of the soldiers -- with the collaborative careers.
We decided to get this challenge and create an expert that could help us keep the issue out.
Let me give you the HIV -- or Park Carolina College College.
So so with the HIV exception I can put 90 miles for a lot of hours.
His favorite design -- it allows you to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able
I lose what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then I put my force and my resource.
Bronx Butter, we are ready with our industrial society, to produce this strength, this new exception, this year.
That is a reality.
So let's go back to it right now to the users of radio careers, about what I feel particularly excited.
There are seven million people -- in terms of radio, all over the world.
Like one percent of the collaborative population.
And this is a really constantly constant.
So we talk about something that happens with factory, very young people, and you get a lot of young people in the green collaboration that when you start their life -- at the age of 20 or 40 years -- they come against a mountain and the car that is the only thing to be their only option.
And we also talk about the population that you have to be done right now.
His only choices -- a lot of times -- for a brain legislation, or some other complexity -- is the classroom class.
And this has been like this for the last 500 years, from its surprise surface, as I should recognize it.
So we decided to start to write a new cause of modern.
Let me introduce you to the ECL that is using Alexander Buddha who was 11 years ago, had a legal in the green collaborator, and as a result couldn't go back for 11 years, until now.
And Alexander Burnet, thank you.
YR: And he used to be using our EDI, which I did.
It has a few percent.
It is completely not involved in the molecules that they get signals to the common computer here in the spider.
There are also a bunch of bacteria that give them energy in the cars, and in the red records, and they make them go up with this self-responsible and very nature.
AB: It was 24 years in the top of my life when a strange start in the air -- I put it down in the air.
In a second, I lost all sense and all of the movies in the bottom on the bottom down.
A little bit of time later, a doctor came into my room in the hospital in the hospital and he said, "Look, will never go back to walk."
That happened 13 years ago.
So I went up to the last piece of hope of my be.
The technology technology since then, has allowed me to learn how to do it right down in weight -- and it would even be able to keep in a hand.
But they haven't invented anything that allows me to walk up, until now.
Thank you.
YR: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platform to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands -- and we have all the potential here to change the life to the future of genes -- not just not just solid, but to Alexander, and all of the users of the room of radio careers.
AK: Thank you.
I just come back from a community that has the secret of human surface.
It is a place where women have the battle, they produce sex to say honor, and the game is the order of the day, where the diversity is a serious thing.
And no, it's not the factor of the man in the Architecture or San Francisco.
ladies and gentlemen, you know their primes.
This is the world of the search banks of Congole.
The banks are, along with the chimps, their own living living lives.
That means that we all share a common ancestors -- an evolutionary art, which lived about six million years ago.
Now the chimps are known by their architecture.
But unfortunately, we have done too much home in this aspect of the human evolution of human evolution.
But babies show us the other side of the mountain.
As the Chinese characters are disappeared by big kinds of big, breakthrough society.
These guys have created something special -- because this leads to a very nice society where the moral violence has still not seen yet.
But unfortunately, the babies are the less understanding of the big sites.
They live in the destructions of the search sea, and it's been very hard to study them.
The Congo is a participation, a blood of extraordinary biological and beauty -- but also the heart of the subject that has been able to be put by decades and cause almost so many death as the first World War City.
It is not to explain that this device also put the surface out of the bank.
The collaboration of card and democracy make you can't take a state with the banks that are in the world that are in the world, and today, we're not safe of it.
And yet, in this land of violence and you can hear the stage of the scale that is going to be able to make the trees.
Who are these principles?
We know them like the signals are like, not the war -- because they have sex sex and multi-to-controlled and biomaterials to keep conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all of the problems of humanity because the life of the blood is more than Kang Sunday.
At the banks, like humans -- I love to play how long their life.
It's not just a game of children.
For us and for them the game is fundamental to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to start the tool.
And we learn to trust it, and we learn the rules of the game.
And the game increase creativity and resource, and it has to do with the digital generation of diversity diversity -- diversity of behavior -- diversity of conditions -- diversity of connections of connections of connections of conditions of connections of connections of conditions of connections of conditions of conditions of connections of conditions of connections of conditions of conditions of connections of conditions of connections of conditions of connections of
And when you look at the black game to see the evolution of the right -- the doctor and the human.
The game is the point that you get us.
I don't know how you play you, but I want to show you a couple of unique videos taken from the middle of the secret.
First of all, it is a little bit of sea pillar player, and I don't talk about forest.
So here we have a man and a young man in the middle of a perspective.
Look what is doing it.
It could be the evolution of the factory, he has a career of the paintings.
I just believe that in this case he love him, right?
Yeah.
So sexual game is common as well as in humans.
And this video really is interesting because this video is really interesting because this video is really interesting because it shows the invention of bringing the internal elements on the game -- and also how the game requires trust and forest to the consequence, and at the same time is the most fun.
But the game is political.
The game is political, you can add a lot of forms -- some of which are more concentrated, images, climate, maybe the place where the amazing is.
And I want you to see -- this is Finally, a young man -- which is playing with water.
I think that, as it is, sometimes we play all of us, and we explore the limits of our world and extraordinary.
And it is that line that is that we care to us to explore it, and then the conditions that we found is the real size of creativity of creativity in the way.
These are just little shows of the understanding that babies give us from our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future in which we have to add to a world more and more difficult world with more creative and more consequence.
The secret is that the game is the key of these possibilities.
In other words, the game is our constant consumer.
In order to support a world that changes we have to play.
But will we take it up to the moment of the game of game?
The game is not free.
The game is easy.
For banks and humans for the way, life is not just critical and desperate.
When it looks like the least thing to play -- you can be the moment that it is the most pressure.
And so you get private, we put this back to the evolution of evolution and play together while we were going to find creativity -- the advantage and the amazing.
Thank you.
In New York at New York at the developing organization of an organization called Rome Homo.
And when I'm not working the poverty.
And in our city, where the values are going to get to a very short person -- you have to get to the site of the discussion very soon to get in action.
I remember my first belief.
I was the second value in the place, so I had a pretty high problem to go.
But there was still a letter to the other values to get into the car and figure out what our task was.
When I found the capital, I was interested in a conversation with the teacher that I would without the worst day of their life.
We were at the middle of the night, she was in the middle of the lab, under a cards, and he said, "Well, as his house was in call with it.
The other version that I just got before I just got before I -- "Look at Leonardo Lawn.  He got first to the content, and this was asked to go into and save the dog of the house.
The dog? I was so collaborative?
There was a short or a money of money that, during the rest of his life, I would have to tell people that I went into a building in a building in call to save a living living for me because I get for five seconds.
Well, I was the next one.
He made me a management.
He said, "Well, I need to go into the house.
I need to take it up, and you bring it back to this woman a couple of shoes.
And it was constructed.
It was not exactly what I expected but I went up and I went up, and I went to the spaces, at the end of the paradigm, I went to the real records that at the end of that high or less they had just ended up to go up and go into the top of a couple of screens.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my head back back to the scale where I met my numbers and the red price in the main door.
We went out of the house of the house for the house of home where it was to wait -- his fear got a lot more attention than me.
A few weeks later, I got a letter of the house of the house of how to get up in the top of the house supply to save their home.
The advantage that she looked at the other thing was that someone had taken it even a couple of screens.
So much in my version in Robert Homo as in my volume as a volunteer voice is a service of generation and advanced in a money scale, but also from the artist and collaboration in the individual level.
And you know what I've learned with.
Everything has its important.
So when I look at this room to people who have come up, or they are going to achieve it, the remarkable levels of success I'd like to remind you this, they don't expect it.
They didn't expect to win the first million to make the difference in someone in life.
If you have something to do something to give you now.
They feel food in a common, called a paradigm of the virus.
It will be mind.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save the life of somebody but every day we're going to be able to influence the life of someone else.
So they go into the game -- they save the shoes.
Thank you.
Britain God, Mars, Mars, Mars, come back.
Mars Berkeley, thank you.
This can look strange -- but I am a great architecture of the concept of control.
The first banks of concept was made in 1875, with a very simple idea of a very simple idea that they find between each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used building in the world.
They have allowed us to build things bigger than us, as a buildings or presents, a picture at the time.
Basically, these bacteria have become the pills of our time.
And almost a couple of years later, in 2009, to Leight is going on this one.
It was called the automatic pressure of authority.
And in a few years, the Liberians of LED came to all the home.
It turns out that they have been made over 400 billion or 75 dollars for every person on the planet.
You don't have to be an energy to build beautiful poems, buildings or home.
LGB did it access.
LGBS just came up with the contract ball, the face in the world, and it became a fundamental piece of our imagination.
As you know, exactly that same year, in the Berties -- the next revolution was about to come up, the new building of building it.
The treatment was a small unit of plastic that would take us out of a world of strategic screen with a few to a world where it was all interesting.
By the same as the back of control, it allows us to create a much larger and more complex and more complex and more complex and more complex controllers, a legal at the time.
But there is a main difference -- the treatment was just for experience.
And I just don't get it up, that the building of the building of our time are researching to the experts -- so I decided to change it.
eight years ago, when I was in the Middle Bank -- I started to explore the idea of taking the power of engineers to the hands of artists and designers in the hands of artists.
A few years ago, I started to develop limits.
I'm going to show you how they work.
Librarians are electrical movies every one with a specific function for it.
They're ready to be light, sound and sensors and sensors.
And the best thing about all is that they are used by images.
So you can't put it wrong.
The leaders have a little bit of color science.
The green is the road, the blue is the correlation, and the room is the training and the close color is the brand.
So you just have to start a blue with a green and very quickly you can start to make a little bit.
A blue with one green produce light.
We can put a bacteria in the middle and we have a record.
If we change the bacteria for a public memory, it's here, and now we have a light light.
We add this guy to create more impact and we have a robot machine.
I'm going to stop this.
And so beyond the simple game is actually very powerful in the way.
Instead of having to program and get to be able to be able to be able to be able to program it by using very simple.
In order to make it faster or more light, you just add this bacteria that makes the police faster or more light.
The idea behind the lines is that it is a growing conflict.
We want all of the interaction in the world to go up in the world.
Looks, sounds solar sides, motors, everything must be access.
We have given the kids to see them to play with them.
And it's been an amazing experience.
The best is how they start to understand the choice of every day you don't learn in schools.
For example, how it works a light of night, or why the door of a architecture is staying open up, or how a iPhone respond to the challenge.
We've also taken limits to design schools.
So for example, the designers without the experience they start to play with limits as a material as a materials.
Here you can see, with the piece of paper.
(Most metaphor.  A few weeks ago, we take limits to the designers of the design school School Island, who don't have some of the energy -- just in the care, and we said, and we said, you do something.
Here's an example of a project that you've done -- a little bit of contracting controlled by movement.
But I mean, here's my favorite project.
This is a lot of planning that has fear of the dangerous.
For these not engineers, Liberians became another material -- the choice became another materials.
And we want this material to be about all of them.
For it, literature has open code on it.
And you can visit the website -- you will take all the designers of design and make them.
We want to play a world of creatures and industrial and collaborations because this world in which we live in, this interesting world, is us.
And so I went up and investigate.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you about the internal discovery today.
I work in the solar industry industry.
And my little company is going to be involved with the environment we found on the environment in the environment.
It was the destiny collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
March. They wait a moment.
You can get a little bit of carefully.
We can be able to continue the video to a side.
No.
This is not it.
All right.
The solar technology is.
Oh, you have the time time?
All right. Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago, a couple of years ago a couple of years ago to take the best designers and techniques so that they take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that is supposed to do -- we asked them to work in the government.
He was called "The Angeles for American Force, and they would be like a couple of Pentages for technologies.
We sell some members every year and we put them to work with the movements.
Instead of getting them into the third world we put them into the global world.
They made great applications -- they worked with the American companies.
His task is to show the possibility of the current technology.
They know about it.
This is a head of the city of Boston.
So here it comes like if you look at a quote -- but what I really look at is that somebody clean when it comes through the journey because you know that it's not very good at doing it when it's covered by a tenth of nine.
How does it get to ask me to help this solution so simple?
Last year in Brazil we had a team of the Alzheimer's filmmakers.
They were there, and in that moment I was able to put a lot of last year.
And they realized that the city never called these heads.
But one of the members called Texas Microsoft did something else -- that the citizens were called the stands right in front of them.
So he did like any good program, I developed a application.
It's a little bit of apply in which you can take a head.
You have to be able to deal with it when you travel it.
When you do that, you put a name -- in this case I put him up.
If you don't do it, somebody can do it.
I mean, it has a legal company.
It is a model approach.
Maybe it is the smallest of the 21 advanced year.
But it does something else that no other government technology is.
And they have a visual way.
A research from the city of the city of Hollywood when you see this choice realized that I could use it, not for the neighborhood, but so that the citizens are going to be able to be able to be able to be survived.
It's very important that they work these signals in the surface, but people are used to be used to be running.
So I asked the citizens to control them.
And then I decided I decided to use it to make the cities.
And he was just going to be able to get the people to get the people to be able to deal with it when you were nervous.
So now we know about new cities that plan to use it.
And this has been disappeared without African and natural and nature.
If you know a little bit of government technology will know that this doesn't happen.
The software of software is a couple of years old.
Last year, we had a team working in a project that took three people for two months and a half months.
It was a tool so that parents could choose the best public school for their children.
And then they told us that I had been done by the normal streets would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's not anything.
Now there's a project in the public power of California that the moment has spent 200 million dollars and it doesn't work.
And there are projects like this in every level of government.
And so an approach that is program in a couple of days -- and it was distributed in a green form is a kind of air to the government of the government.
It sounds to the best ways to work, not like in private companies like a lot of people think it should be.
It doesn't like a technological company, but more well like the Internet.
I mean, without researchers, in the open form of generation.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this approach is that it takes the way to address the government of the government that has the new generation -- not as a problem of a straight industry but as a collective action problem.
And that's very good because it turns out we're very good for the collective action with digital technology.
And there is a very large community of people who are building the tools so that we work together.
And it's not just "The Alzheimer's for American -- but there are hundreds of people around the country who are going to be able to be able to live every day in their own community.
They have not been given to the government of the government.
They feel a great fraction to that, but they don't get up, they get it up.
And these people know something that we've lost from view.
And it is that if we leave the feelings about politics -- the film in the DNA -- and all those other things that put us up, the government is -- the government is, in fact, in the words of Telescope Rose, what we do together.
Now a lot of people have taken the government.
If you are one of those people, I would ask you to recognize it, because things are change.
The policy doesn't change -- the government is.
And because the government in the last week of us, they remember that of us, the point, the way to think about the way to produce change.
I didn't know a lot of government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought that the government is going to be able to choose people to be able to be carefully.
Well, after two years I've come to the connection that government is about all, a matter of galaxies.
This is the center of service and information.
This is the place that you call the call if you get 3D, in the U.S.
And I heard this called this called it.
It was "The Bangladeshing back in the basis of economic knowledge.
I didn't find anything. It started with animal control.
And then they finally said, "Oh, you can open the leaves in the house, put it very strong and see if you look at it?
And it works. And so it works for me.
But that's not the end of the galaxies.
Britain does not have a full center of called.
It has a application, and moving and mobile, called Congress.
We don't protect that attention.
It was the work of very smart people in the University of the New York Times University of Boston.
One day, this really happened to actually come up with this piece, "The "Stephory, I don't know if it's dead.
How do I do to get them?
The District of Congo Congress is different.
I was talking about person.
In Chicago Congress everything is public -- so you can all see this.
In this case, I saw it a neighbor.
And the next thing he said, "I'm going to go into the place, I found the collaboration behind the house.
Germany? Yeah.
I went back to the contractor. I went home.
All right, some night said.
It's pretty simple.
This is great. It's the connection of the digital and physical thing.
And it's also a great example of the government of the government to the distributed community.
But it's also a great example of government as a plant.
And here I don't necessarily need to do it to the technology of the platform of the place.
I talk about a platform for the people to help and help each other.
So a city helped another one, but here the government had a key paper.
I got the two people.
And it could have connected with the government services of being necessary but the nervous is a better antibody and more ball than the government services are.
When a child helps another, we find the communities together.
If we call animals of animals, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing that we have to think about government is that it's not the same thing that the policy is.
A lot of people understand it, but you think one is the inside of the other.
And that our understanding to the government system is voice.
How many times have you gone to a political leader -- sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader and then we hope that government represents our values and self-concerned our needs and then we don't see change.
That is because the government is like a modern ocean and politics is the surface of 15 percent.
On the bottom is what we call it bad.
And we said that word with a lot of destruction.
But it is that destruction that keeps us that we find that that we find out as something that works in our against it, that other thing, and we are actually losing the power.
People believe that politics is sensitive for it.
If we want this research to work to have to make it feel a sense to be feeling it.
Because this is where the real work of government works.
We have to fight with the government.
That makes the Congo movement.
Have you seen them.
This is a group of cities that have written a very short infrastructure of 32 pages in response to the Peter Angeles of Virginia, about the financial region.
That is not political activists -- it is a basic activity.
And for those of us who have shown us to the government, it's time that we ask us what world we want to leave our children.
You have to see the huge challenges that they will have to find out.
Do you really think that we have to go to where we have to go into the infrastructure that can act in the name of all of all of all of all of all of them.
We can't predict the government, we need to be more effective for it.
The good news is that with technology is possible to be able to reduce the government of government in the way that you can express the civil society.
There is a generation that grew up with the Internet and you know that it's not so hard to act of and you just have to reach the systems in the right way.
The age of the age of our members is 20 years old, so I mean, I am a larger generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up by taking the word and giving that almost per sense.
They are not giving that battle that we all face about who's going to talk about, they're all going to talk about.
You can express their office in any street at the same time and do it.
And so when they face the problem of government doesn't care a lot to get their voices to be able to be able to be able to get their voices out.
They're using your hands.
They put your hands to the work to program the world to make a better government to work better.
And those applications allow us to use the hands to improve our communities.
It can be called a head, by taking marriages, by getting a collaboration of barrier that has a card inside it.
Of course, we could always have taken those risks and a lot of people do.
But these applications are like a digital records that we're not only constantly, not only of the government of government that we pay impacts and we get services.
We are more than that, we're cities.
And we're not going to fix the government until we don't make the city.
So I want to ask all of the people -- when it comes to the important things that we have to do together, all together, we're going to be a variation of voices or we will also be a marketing market."
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor for me.
I've spent most of the time in terms of teachers, and in the middle of death.
I've spent most of my life in magic communities in projects and places where there's a lot of destruction.
And I will be here at TED looking at and by looking at these students have given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time, is that TED has identity of it.
And the things that they say here has impact around the world.
And if something comes from TED, it has a sense and a force that would not have another way.
I say this because I think the identity is really important.
So here we have seen a very very very fantastic article.
And I think we have learned that the words of a teacher can have a lot of sense, but if you teach with feeling -- you can have a special meaning of it.
A doctor can do good things, but if it's collaboration, it can get a lot more.
So I want to talk about the power of ideas.
I didn't really learn this in the price of the right, my work.
I learned it from my war.
I grew up in a traditional house of an American family disappeared by a mathematician, which was my head.
It was failure, it was strong -- I had power.
It was the last word in the whole family.
She started many of the designers in our home.
It was made of people who had been spinal.
His parents were born in the surgeon in Virginia about 1840.
She was born on the 1830s, and his experience with the super-engineering is the way you see the world.
She was hard, but it was also love.
When I was small and I looked at it, she was going to me and I had a good observatory.
And I was so strong that I could see it that I could be able to go up and then I would get up.
One or two hours later, I was going to look at it, and I was like, "Well, he said, "Well, you still feel my heart?
And if I said no, I was going to go back and if I told him I know, I was left in peace to me.
I had this human quality that made you want to be close to it.
The only problem is that I was 10 children.
My mother was the less than 10 percent.
And I was going to spend a time with her, it wasn't easy to take your time and their attention.
My products were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight or nine years old, I got a morning, I went to the room and there they were running all my primes.
My grandmother was at the other side of the room and looked at me.
I thought it was a game.
So I looked at it, and he looked at it, but she was very simple.
After 15 or 20 minutes, she got up the room, and he took me out of the hand and he said, "You go Brian. The two are going to convert?
I remember this as if it was yes.
I'll never forget it.
He took me out and he said, "Well, I would tell you something -- but you can't tell you anything?
I said, "Well, Mars."
She said, "I'm going to ask you to do it. I said, "Look."
And then I sat up, I looked at me, and he said, "I want you to know I've been looking at you.
And he said, "I think you're special?
He said, "I think you can do what you want.
I'll never forget it.
Then he said, "I just want you to have three things, Britain."
I said, "Second, Mars."
And he said, "The first thing I want you to do is you always want to want your mother to do it.
And he said, "I think this is my diagram, and you have to be able to make the career.
As I went to my mom -- I said, "Yes, Mars, like this.
Then he said to me, "The second thing I want you to do is you will always do the right thing if the right thing is the hard thing.
I thought about it and I said, "Yes, Mars. This is what I'm going to do.
Then they finally said, "The third thing I want you to do is that I will never be able to be all the way you never were going to be all the way that I would never draw it.
I was nine years old, and I said, "Yes, Mars, like this.
I grew up in the field in the rural south -- I have a last year and a year a year.
When I was 14  15 -- one day my brother came home with a six search side, I don't know where I went on, I don't know where I came to my sister and to me, and we went to the beauty.
We just have to do the care of the time.
He took a piece of back, I took my sister to my sister -- she took a little bit and put me to me.
I said, "No, no, no. You know, but I'm not going to take the ball."
My brother said, "I'm going to do it. And you always do the same thing as us.
I already took something, your sister as well.
I said, "No, I wouldn't feel good. You can stay.
Then my brother looked at me.
And he said, "What are you going on? It takes a ball."
And I got a look at it with force and said, "Oh, not to be that you're still thinking about control with Mars."
I said, "But what are you talking about.
He said, "You know, "I tell all of the holes that are special?
I was done.
I have to add something to you.
I'm going to tell you something that probably shouldn't say.
I know that this is going to be specifically definitely.
But I have 14 years old, and I can admit that I have never taken a galaxy of anger.
I don't say this is a vision, I tell you about the power that has the idea.
When we create the right type of identity -- we say things that they really don't look at it.
We can't get things to do things that don't believe to do.
I think my grandmother is not created that all of their numbers were space.
My grandmother had been present during the protection.
My people died from religious disease with the army.
And these were the things that we have to do with it, and we have to get them.
Now, to try to talk about our personal justice system.
This country is today very different than what it was 40 years ago.
And there were 300 pressures.
Today, there are 2.2 million today.
In the United States we have the biggest rate of the world.
We have seven million people in the controlled freedom of it.
And this particular spread in my office has changed our world.
In poor communities or black communities -- you find so much of us, so much despair, disappeared by these done.
One of three black bacteria between the 18 and 30 years is in the crisis or in the control freedom of the control.
In the urban communities of all the country, Allan Landers, Walking, Walking, 50,000 to 60 percent of all of the young young people are in the crisis or in the controlled freedom of it.
Our system is not just distributed in front of the right, as well as the poverty.
In this country we have a public system that makes you much better if you're rich and collaboration, that if you're poor and international.
It's not construction, but it is a recent thing that the results.
And it seems to be very stranger.
The politics of fear and force makes us believe that these are not our problems.
We're described.
It seems interesting.
We are looking at our work for a little bit of curious development.
In my state in Alex, as well as in other states -- you get a little bit of rights by always if you have a personal control.
Right now in Alexander, 35 percent of the black moral population has lost the right to the voice.
And if we put it back to the next 10 years the right level of rights will be as close as it was before it was before the law of the right.
So we have this kind of simple pressure.
I remember children.
A lot of my cells are very young people.
The U.S. is the only country in the world where you feel about 13 years to die.
We have in this particular country for kids, no possibility to go out.
Now we are in the process.
The only country in the world.
I remember people in the middle of death.
This issue of death is interesting.
In a sense of us have been taught to think that the final question is, people are going to die for the completely constructing crisis?
A very simple question.
But you can think about another way about how we are in our ideas.
There is another way to look at it, it's not about trying to decide if people tend to die through the companies -- but if we start to kill us.
This is interesting.
The death of death in the United States is defined by the brain.
In every nine people, it has been identify one that is interesting that it is excited and limited from the death of death.
A real rate rate -- a sense of every nine percent.
This is interesting.
It would not allow you to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to stand, one of them would have been started.
But in some way we care about the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our card.
It's not our list.
I talk a lot about these things.
And I talk about it and this issue of if we start to kill it.
It is interesting that in my kinds of students with students about African history, I'm talking about the supermarket.
I talk to you about terrorism, the time that I started at the end of the revolution and he went up to the second World War City.
We really don't know a lot about this.
But for the black Americans in this country, it was a little bit.
In a lot of communities people had fear to be limited.
I would worry to be brilliant.
The land of the land was what I define their lives.
Now there are big people who get up to me and they say, "I'm saying, "Yes. Steve, you say, "Do you tell people that let people stop saying that in our history we read for the first time with the terrorism, after 1960.
They ask me to say, "No, I say we grew up with that.
And it was the terrorist of the terrorists, obviously, with the secret and decades of relationship and self-constant.
In this country we have a dynamic that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And that's why we haven't understood the meaning of what we have done done.
All of the time we take a few of them.
We constantly create temperatures and conflicts.
It costs us to talk about radio. I think it's because we're not willing to get a real process of real and relationship.
In South Africa, people understood that you couldn't be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to make the real relationship with the truth.
In Russia, even before they had this company, but in this country we haven't done it.
I was in Alexander giving up about the death of death.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers are going to go after my pressure and said, "You know it's well concerned to listen to what you say?
He said, "We don't have a death in Mars.
We will never be able to have it here.
And the room was in the signal and a piece said, there's no way that with our story, we could ever be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be in the death of human beings.
It would be real that we are, international and designed, we would be able to explore people.
Remarkable about this.
How do we feel in a world where a nation like Alexander, would look at people, especially if they were in their biggest audiences?
We couldn't take it.
It would be price.
And yet, there is this discovery.
And I think our identity is in dangerous one.
If you actually don't worry about these things so difficult -- the positive things and wonderful things are yet, though, implanted.
We love innovation.
We are fascinated by technology -- we look at creativity.
We love the environment.
But finally, those reality are researched by survival, and the subject, the demonstration, the distribution.
In my view, it is need to get into both things.
We actually talk about the need to have more hope to have more hope, more destroyed with the basic challenges of this complex world.
I think that means that I want to spend more time thinking and talking about the poor -- the ones that will never get to TED.
Think of them is, in a way, something that's inside our be.
It's true that we have to believe in issues that we haven't seen it.
So we're going to stop being so radiation, so completely constructed with it.
With creativity with creativity -- the development comes not only from brain ideas.
These things come from ideas as well.
So this connection of the mind with the heart is what we care about us not only in the brilliant and demonstration, but also in the dark and the hard thing.
Valley Haiti, the great black leader talked about this.
He said, "When we were in Europe, we had all sorts of things, we were all about all sorts of things -- but mostly what we needed was hope that we needed to be expected to be a volunteer to be in places and being transparent.
Well, that organization for the space is particularly in the heart of what I think, that even in communities like TED, should be sharing them.
There is no discovery with technology and design that allows us to be really humans if we don't have the way that we don't have the attention to the poverty to exploration, to the interview, to information.
Now I want to tell you that these thought of a much more happy identity that if we put these things.
Let's go back to them.
I had the big private, being a very young park, to know Robert Parks.
These women are just getting just to talk about.
Now, the Carol Canada was called me, to say, "Well, "Look at Paris Park. We are going to be able to talk about.
Do you want to come to come and listen to them.
I said, "I know. I do want to.
And so she said, "Well, and what do you do when you get you back?
I was like, "Look at it.
So I went and I just heard them.
It was something very virtually, very sensitive.
And in an object I was there, listening to these ladies and after a couple of hours -- the Park Park came up to me and he said, "Oh, Britain, you know that it's that idea of the entire entire energy.
You know what you're trying to do?
And I started to give you my future.
I said, "Well, we're trying to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to consider it.
We try to help those of you who have been constantly constantly.
We try to trust the benefits and the definition in the performance of the personal surface.
We try to end up with the sense of life, without a controlled freedom for children.
We try to do something about the death of death.
So let's try to reduce the population in crisis.
We try to end up with male magnets.
I gave all my best design and when I first looked at me, and he said, "You know, Marine months month?
And he said, "Look at it, very self-concerned.
At that time, the Seattle.
I think that actually the TED community has to be much more.
We have to find the way that we can figure out those challenges -- those problems -- that surgery.
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been excited in simple things.
I've got to understand and believe that every one of us is surface to the worst thing that we have come.
I think that's true for all the world on the planet.
And I'm convinced that if someone says a message -- it's not because it's a memory.
I'm sure that if someone takes something that you don't think about it, it's not that it's a leadership.
Even if someone kill another, it's not that it's a surgeon.
So I think there is a basic diversity in the people who must be responsible for the law.
I also believe that in many parts of this country and certainly in a lot of parts of the world, I opposite the poverty is not the same.
This is not it.
I really think that in a lot of parts of the poverty is the user.
And finally, I think that even though it is very democratized, very beautiful -- very big, very strange, it's not going to get out of our technology, for our design, not by our international capacity or relativity.
At the end of the end of a society, not because of the way you treat the rich -- powerful and private and private and the way they treat poor -- the presents -- the pressures.
Because it's in this context as we start to understand really profound issues about what we are.
I feel definition. I'm going to end with a story.
Sometimes I do too hard to do it.
I want to, like everything.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasons in an important way.
I've been represent these kids who have been sitting with a lot of surface.
I go to the crisis and I see my cars of 13 and 15 years -- that have been used to be able to give you a little bit about antibiotics.
And I started thinking, how can it be?
How do you get a character to turn someone in what isn't it?
The guy would have been used as an adult -- but I see a child.
A very long night I was going to think about thinking about, by God, if you can turn it into something that you are, you have to have a mathematical power.
You know, British has a mathematical power.
You should ask some of that.
As I was very later, I couldn't think about it, but I began to work in a material.
I had a 14 years old.
I started working in the math, with a sense that he said, "March so that my whole black class of 14 years is being treated as a private white white of a controller of a control."
In the mission that there was that there had been interviewed in the action, in the behavior of police and in the process.
There was a wrong line about how in this country there is no character, but all of a kind of character.
At the next morning I was trying to think about that metaphor that would be a dream -- or really write?
For my hour, not only had a recent thing, but I had sent it to the coral.
It was about two months ago, I had been failed.
And I finally decided --  -- I have to go to the cost for this particular case.
I went up to the car and I felt really, really angry, obsessed.
I was in the car at the car.
I thought this would be very hard and point.
I finally went out of the car -- I walked on the park.
I was looking at the spaces when I found a black man in a larger man -- it was the contract of the plan.
When I looked at me, I came up and said, "What is you?
I said, "I'm a career. He said, "It's you any one? I said yes.
And so I went up and stayed.
And I went up in the morning.
He said, "I'm proud of you.
I have to tell you now that that was virtually.
And that became deep with my interest -- with my identity with the ability that we all have to continue to the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I went into the audience.
And when you go in, you see me.
And he said to me, "Yes. Steve, you wrote this moral market?
I said, "I know Mr. I was me, and we started to describe.
People started to go. They were all invited.
I was the one that I had written those clinics.
They came up with the political philosophers, authorities.
As soon as you know that, the room was full of people. All of us are full of people, because we talked about red, because we talked about poverty.
With the robot of the eye I was going to see the trust that I was and came up.
And I looked at the window and he took all of that printer.
I was walking up for here and for there.
And finally, this old black thing, with the room, and he sat behind me, almost in the table of the advantages.
About 10 minutes later, the guy decided to have a research.
So during the desperate one of the animal was showed up because the concept had come into the room.
The village was used on the old black brain.
And he said, "John -- what do you do in the audience, at the country?
And the old black came up and looked at the automobile, I looked at me, and he said, "I'm going to look at this room room to tell these young people who keep his view in the goal with the presentation.
I have come to TED because I think a lot of you understand that a lot of you understand that the moral arm of the universe is very big, but it goes into the surface.
We can't be really human humans if we don't worry about human rights and for distribution.
So our surface is ready to the others.
And that our lives of technology, design and creative and creativity need to be able to be able to deal with fragile, compassion and unique.
And above all of all of the people who share this, I just want to tell you that they keep the view in the goal with a search.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just heard and see an evidence from the audience of the audience, this community, to help in your pressures, to do something.
Something that's not a car. What can we do?
BG: There are a number of climate opportunities there.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a research that is going to make an effort to remember the phenomenon that they spend today.
For example, here in California, they're going to spend a billion dollars in the death of death in the next five years, a billion dollars.
And despite this -- 45 percent of the cases that are not contributing in artists.
The 75 percent of the violence doesn't get anything.
Here's a change.
This region is going to protect that they have these forces to make the law.
I think there is a very close opportunity.
CA: There has been a huge challenge in the United States, in the last three decades, in the last three decades.
And part of the experience, it tells you that it has to do with the biggest rate of intention.
What would you tell you what you think is that?
BG: In fact, the rate rate with violence has been related to a lot of stranger.
The great growth in this country in this country is not because of violence.
This is by the wrong wrong.
This is why I was able to get this medical increase in the key population.
And we let us be able to convince the content of the career.
We have three legal causes to bring people to a piece of personality, by the way, to break a biologist, by small creatures against the property, instead of making those resources to their violence.
I think we have to do more to help the values of the crisis and not less.
And it seems to me that our current physics on the car doesn't do anything for anything.
I think that's the goal that has to change.
CA: Basically, you've been excited about this today.
You're very inspired in.
Thank you very much for having come to TED. Thank you.
Ready, they grow up in the death of Bill Lego.
Right two, Martin in Steve. Right three -- the police is particularly painting up.
It was collaborative four Charles, Carlos five percentages, collaborative colleagues.
Just 6,000 percent signals, solid six, 42 dead.
Einstein 8,000 of us, an about the surface.
Valentians called the cardiology.
Ready.
Crapped. Democracy. Desperate.
Oh, God.
Paul Daniels, these are just some of the creatures that I got in the last six months -- they would usually be the last six days or the last six years.
The idea is that the media media will be able to be able to make negative news.
And that respond to a very good right.
In every single day of each day our sense is a lot more data than probably the brain can protect it.
And as nothing matters to us more than survival, the first part of all of those data is an ancient farmer of the temperature called a telescope.
The argument is our face of an early airplane, the designer of danger.
And I recognize all of the information looking for something in the environment that could make us happen.
And so from a decade of stories we are going to be able to look at the neurosciences.
That old record of the press, "If there's blood -- it's very true.
And because all of the digital devices are given to us the seven days of the week, seven hours a day, it is not to explain that we were properly.
I don't know that people think that the world is going to be wrong.
But maybe it's not like this.
Maybe in change, what really happens is that we have distributions.
Maybe the huge program has done in the last century for a series of forces in the way that we have the potential to create a world in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems -- the climate change -- the experience of species -- the space of water and energy -- without designers we have.
As human beings are very good at taking the problems and the long one, we just went with them.
We address it in the last century to see where we go.
In the last hundred years -- the life of life has been more than depressed, the average income per contract has been treated around the world.
And the financial market has been received 10 times.
And also, the cost of the food -- the electronics and the communities -- it's about 10 to 100 times.
Steve Park showed us that we're living the most popular time of human history.
And Charles Kenya that the world coming from 25 to more than 80 percent in the last 14 years.
We are really living a little bit extraordinary by it.
A lot of people forget it.
And we continue to put it up more and a little bit.
In fact, we reduce the meaning of poverty.
Think about it, a lot of the people who live under the poverty line they have electricity -- water, balls, memories, memories, aliens air and cars.
And the magnificent molecules of the middle of the last century -- the experts of the planet -- you would have ever been seven of us in the planet.
And by looking at a lot of this is the technology and finally, its extraordinary growth.
My good friend David Sall showed that any tool that comes in in the information of information in this room, the London of Monterey, and I developed the price of the price in about 12 to 24 months.
And so the mobile cell that you have in the edge is a million times more short and a thousand times faster than a company of the 1960s.
Now look at this curve.
This is the London for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this culture.
First of all, you know that it is, in good and bad time, in the war and in the peace -- in destruction, in destruction and at all.
It's the result of quick computer computers used to build the faster computers in it.
It doesn't stop in any of the big challenges in it.
And even though it's a grand on a law on the left -- it goes up to it up.
The growth rate of technology is in each other and faster time.
And in this room, at the top of Monterey Law, there's a series of extremely powerful technologies that we tell today.
The computer in the car, that my friends from Australia called infectious companies, sensors and records, the robotic increases and their ability to be able to be able to break up in the entire planet, the synthetic biological biology -- the substances, the vaccines, the distributions and food.
I mean, how many of you saw the violence in John from Bangalore, of PMS?
It was funny.
I look at the behaviors the best clinic that I would have.
And I loved this this: "World came to human objects?
Josh is not an easy game.
And I put out of the human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the card, available for all in the mobile family.
four years ago, here in TED, Roman Bang and I, we took a new college called Silicon University.
We teach these technologies to our students -- and in particular how they can use to solve the great challenges of humanity.
And every year we asked them to take a company or a product or a service, which can affect the lives of a billion people in a day.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact the life of a billion people.
It's 30 years ago, that would be surgery.
Today, we can take a tens of companies that have already done.
When I think about creating analysis, it doesn't mean to create life life for every room in the planet -- it's about creating a life of the possible.
This is about taking that that is possible and it will get it out.
You see, the school is context and technology is a force that allows resources.
I'll give you an example.
It's a story of Nick 1800s, 1980.
He's the guy on the left.
I started to get the Street Street.
And the terms of the name they were made in the back and the same National, and the same North, with grandfather.
But the rest of Stanford, I built with the card career.
You see, the food was the most valuable goal of the planet -- it goes more than the hear and the planning.
For that reason, the point of the Monterey to Washington is a station.
You see, even though the audience is 2000.
It's ready by oxygen and self-constant.
But then it came up with the electricity and he made something so short that we use it as if it was desperate.
We produce this animal to the future.
So let's think about energy.
ladies and gentlemen, we're on a planet for 500 times more energy than we use in a year.
They come to the Earth 16 years of energy every 18 minutes.
It's not about school, but it's not about action.
And there are good news.
So this year, for the first time, the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the generation of the generation of the gender -- 1800, 1960s are 16 programs.
The cost of solar energy is about 50 percent last year.
At the last month I published a study that shows that at the end of the day, in the solar parts of the United States, the solar choice will cost six miles an hour in the time that I compared to 15 percent of the national media.
And if we have an energy of energy we also have water.
Let's talk about the war.
Do you remember when Carry San advertised the space of the space at the Earth, in 2010, after Sandard, after Sandard."
It was a famous picture. How do you call it?
A little ball point?
Because we live on a water.
We live in a planet in a 90 percent water.
Yes, 99 percent is sand, two percent is ice -- and we put up for about 15 percent of the planet, but there's also a hope.
It's a technology available not in 10 or 20 years, but right now.
It comes into the nation, the nations.
In a conversation with Daniel Kang this morning, one of the innovations of the grandmother, I would like to share with you, I gave me a little bit to do with you, his technology called Jonation -- and you know, it's the size of a small representation.
It is able to generate a thousand pounds of water in the day of any of the size of any source -- water water, a light -- for less than two cents the light.
The President of Cold has just been able to make a important test of hundreds of these communities in the developing world.
If that comes out well, and I have a performance that I would be, Colcon is going to be able to put it up in 24 countries on the planet.
So this is a political innovation for this technology today.
And we have seen it in mobile mobile people.
My God, we're going to get to 70 percent of the lives in the developing world in the developing world for the end of 2010, in the end of the developing world.
And think about it, that magic war has better mobile communities in the middle of Kenya than the president was 25 years ago.
And to tell you with an smart cell with Google -- it has access to more knowledge and information than the Prince Paul 15 years ago.
It lives in a world of information of information and communities that nobody could have been predicted.
So better than that, the things that you and I have paid tens and hundreds of thousands of dollars -- -- -- -- -- -- God, images, pictures, pictures of books and music technology technology -- now they are depressed and lose value value with the mobile mobile value.
Maybe the best thing is going to do when you look at the health.
The month last month, I had the plan to fix with the Muslim Foundation something called the Prince Bill College Technology, from 10 million dollars.
We are designed to the team of the world so that they communicate these technologies in a mobile device that they talk about, and because it has AIDS, they can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be seven of the challenge.
In order to win it has to do better drugs than a short medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world in the developing world that there are no doctors -- where it is about 25 and there are 100 percent of the health workers of health.
When this device is a virus of RNA or DNA or DNA that I don't recognize to the health of health and first of all, will avoid that it happens to happen.
But this is the biggest force to produce a world of analytical world.
I call it a billion of them at the time.
The white lines here are the population.
We just had to spend the seat of the seven billion dollars.
But by the way, the best production against the democratic experience is to take the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people in line.
For 2010, it will go from two billion people in the Internet.
Three billion minds never before you go to global conversation.
What do these people want them?
What are you going to do? What do you want to do?
And instead of a economic college, we will have the biggest economic innovation of history.
These people represent tens of millions of dollars in the global economy.
And they get more health from the Treatment, in a better education with the Alexander Kang and because of the use of the impressions in 3D and the computer in the task will be more products than never before.
What can you bring us up 300 million more members of humans and health and productive.
What about a few times never before you?
So what if you give them the operations, where they are, a voice to be heard and power for the first time.
What would these 300 million millions?
And if you're aware that we can't present?
So something that I learned with the 19th century is that small, small teams of their passion with a clear goal -- you can do extraordinary things -- things that they could only make the big controllers and the governments can do.
I'm going to end up by sharing a story that really excited me.
There is a program that maybe some of you know.
It's called Parkinson's called California.
I went up in the University of Washington, in Sally.
It's a game in which people can take a sense of office and find the way that it will be able to make the product.
The plants will determine the structure and the form.
It's something very important in medical research.
And so far, it was a problem.
They have put it up with this university program, among others.
And then hundreds of thousands of people came up and started to play it.
And it has been shown that today, which is a lot of human patterns of human patterns is better than the best computer.
ladies and gentlemen, what gives me a huge conference in the future is that today, we have more power as people to take the great challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this extraordinary technology.
We have the passion of the profile of the grandma.
We have the collection of the business.
And we have 300 million minds that are going to be used to work in the solution of great challenges and do what we should do.
We have a lot of extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
It's the heart of the point.
And as the idea can explain in a minute. before I'll give you three examples to do time.
The first story is about Charles Darwin, one of my hearts.
He was here, as you know, in 1850.
Maybe they believe that I would put personality, but it wasn't like this.
It actually takes fish up.
And I discovered one of them as very common.
It was the me.
It was a lot of the 1980s.
Now the fish is in the red red of the IMF.
But we've heard this story a lot of times, a lot of times and other places, so that doesn't have any space.
But the case is we still come to the Galapagos.
We still think they are productive.
They still say that they keep interactive.
So what happens here?
The second story, as well.
Because I was there in 2010, studying a place in the West Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could get it in.
I took a lot with the sun and I was convinced that I was not there.
This is my first experience to the sun.
The pilot was surrounded by gentlemen, and as you can see, from a few magnets.
There was a little bit of about 20 meters -- the black battle ball.
And the fish of this guy was very high and I was going on for a good moment, so it was made more than the middle of the middle in God.
When I was there 24 years later, the amount of fish had been designed to half the time.
They were taken to five centers.
They started a genetic perspective.
There was no fish yet.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
I mean, nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I went into the interview of the food fish in the high surgery.
In the decade of 1980, I started in the 1980s. Europe has a lot of development projects.
The developing development is going to impact the countries that were already 100 percentages, to make it the industrial fish.
And this battery, a lot of fish is called the Martin four.
I was going to fish in it, and we made studies in the south of the Martin of China Martin, and on all, in the Martin of Japan.
The thing that we came up with was something else.
We call it, now I know, the bottom of the sea.
The 90 percent of what we were able to do was be scared, other animals that are in the world.
And most of the fish are stored with a few of them -- results that are fish in the top of coral.
In research, the bottom of the sea came to the control and then it was reduced.
These images are extraordinary because the transition is very quickly.
In a year, you make a study and then it starts the modern fish as well.
The bottom is going to be a little bit of a white collaboration in this case, in this case, to be a light.
This is a dead.
They did not get them up, because they were dead.
So once we took a living alive.
I was still not studying.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
And this mountain of rest is what you recognize the fish every time you go to a area that they never fish in.
But I don't have detail.
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
We add the point on the point -- the new level, without remember what was there.
If we choose this something like this.
And in the age, we have good things, biological, a lot of grandmothers, the truth of the country, the water.
And that changes with time. It changes because people do things with nature.
Every generation used the images to use the beginning of their life in the beginning of their life as the normal and it would take it up to the airplane.
The difference is that they lose the loss of it.
But they don't lose the lost that happened before.
You can add the sound of change.
And at the end of the end will keep a few of these restrictions.
And that, in a great measure is what we want to do now.
We want to keep things that are no longer -- or they're not what they are.
But you should think that this problem is an affect to people when the pressure societies kill animals without knowing what they've done to a few genes later.
Because obviously, an animal that is very heart, before extraordinary, it's a little bit.
And you don't lose an amazing animals.
You lose a little bit.
Even if this doesn't get a lot like a very big truth.
With the time, we put us in the big animals, and in a high sign of big fish.
They become a little bit.
With the time they have a few fish but we think that that's the point of it.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know that it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, scientists are going to be very different.
And they will do it because the evidence is in a way before it is not the way they want to have the evidence of it.
For example, the advance that some of them are presented, as a lot of fish in this area can't be used or they can't use it or they don't use the scientists of the fish because it's not scientific."
So we have a situation in which people don't know the past, even though we live in institutions -- because they don't trust the source of the past.
And the huge role that you can put up a professional area that you can put up a professional area.
Because with the massive markets -- we really remember the past.
We remember the past that people can't put out because the oil point has gone down and it is completely under it.
That's for the people that you can see a professional area and they can benefit from the vision that they provide, which allows them to draw your point of a day.
And what happens with the people who can't do it because they don't have access -- like people from the Middle East -- for example, for example.
I think there is the art and the color may be able to take the voice.
This is a situation of the Carolina Carter.
A lot of time ago, there was a lot of time in the San School back -- 500 years ago.
And they would have noticed that kill and the activities are like "Spark."
And if you think about "Sparing, if you think why people came up with the movie -- -- -- -- to talk about the story of Dollars, why are you going to come with the images?
Because I know something that is in a sense, it has lost it.
And so my recognition, the only thing I will give you, is to Martin, making "Do "The Earth.
Thank you very much.
Hollywood. I'm Kenya Alla, the generation of Times -- and I look at video videos in a professional way.
It's true.
So today we will see why the video people are going to look at and what important it has to do.
We all want to be stars, collaborative, standards, standards, when I was more young -- that seemed very, very hard.
But today, the web video makes any of us, or of our ancestors -- it has a part of our global culture.
Any one can be done in the Internet in a search.
They take more than 24 hours of video to Michael per minute.
And of that, just a little percentage is going to be virtually, and it gets information of vision and a culture.
How does that happen?
Three things -- the trends of trends, community communities and surprising forms.
Well, let's start with.
Bill Mars, Oh, my God, God me.
God.
George.
Oh, "Germany, garden.
DH: The last year, Bill Valley published this little video of his house in the National National Park.
In 2010, it was seen 24 million times.
And this graph shows the resources in the police of the last summer last week.
Beautifactive is not allowed to make a visual video.
I just wanted to share a piece of the stream on it.
That's what you do if you call Germany Monterey Berkeley.
There was already a lot of videos of nature.
And this video had been published in the end.
So what happened here?
It was John King.
John King published this guy who would take the video to the police.
The crisis of news as John Bill is present by new and interesting things to give them a more advanced audience.
Rocketta Bangalore."
Brian Radio British is one of the most popular videos of the year.
They saw it almost 200 million times this year.
So this graph shows the use of use.
By the same as "All Arabic grades, this video seems to have gone out of nothing.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was virtually, it's true.
And if you ask them for those other piles, they're also virtually.
But what happened this day this day, this particular virus.
Well, I took the Taliban and a lot of bacteria started writing about it.
Michael Jonestyle Singan, Nicole Steve Steve, it was one of the first people in doing a book about the video in Texas.
But the important thing is that a person or a group of terms of techniques are adding a point of view and they share it with a higher public public by taking the process.
So this community of people who share this great child child then starts talking about that and doing things.
And now there are 10 personalities of "Goodbye, in YouTube.
So just in the first seven days, there was a picture for each other day.
And unlike the fundamental understanding of the 20th century -- this community control is our way to be part of the phenomenon by getting up or doing something new with that.
"They said, "Cook Carter."
That's what it is.
This year was about 50 million times.
And if you think that that's right, you know that there is a version of three hours that has seen four million times.
And so on and they saw this video.
And there are galaxies that you saw to others to see the video.
But the important thing here is the creativity that I discovered between the brain community of the Internet.
There were reductions.
Some of them made a version to the ancient one.
And then they became international to it.
In fact, it was a full community that made this going to be a story to something that we all can form part of it.
Because today we don't just find it, we passed on.
Who could have done something like this?
Who could have been a pressure of "Germany, or Roman Bangalore, or "The "Stephory, "Wow!
What does it have to be written to be written to be written in this situation.
In a world in which you take two days of video video for minutes, just that really only and international can get rid of the way these things have done.
When a friend said to me that I had to see this great video of a guy who comes against the molecules in New York City in New York.
Carry English, I was made by not careful by the beauty but often there are objects that are going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to care about
DH: Thank you to the amazing effect and his human effect -- I took that five million people come and understand their idea.
This is why this approach is worth for all the new thing we do in creative way.
And all of this led us to a big question.
Beauties Mars, what does this mean?
Oh.
DH: What does this mean?
And the creativity of transportation, complex complex communities -- they are completely interacting -- are construction of a new type of media -- in a new culture that we all have access and is the audience that define the policy.
And as I said before, one of the current lines of the world, John Bang, started in YouTube.
They don't ask me to express their ideas.
Now we all are a little bit.
So these are not the correction of the old media. They are all of the current media -- but to define the future of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a full story.
It's a record that is still attacking up.
Let me tell you about some of the parts.
Imagine the first piece -- a man running the work of all of a life.
It's a population, a man, a man whose entire life had been shown in the only one in the only community and freedom of his country.
So imagine as the communities come in in Santa, they find the fact that his life had been totally in the variety.
The words -- for so long time, now they did it.
It was recognized in the situation.
It died by the story.
He's my grandmother.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our own.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not to leave that that has been in summer and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to address it, but we put it out.
The next part of the rooms is about a bank when you look at the search to the sea.
My mother, Mars, I was just 18 years old, when his father died and a market continued and two little girls and two little girls and two little girls and two little girls and two little girls and two little girls and two little kids.
For her, life had gone down to a surface surface, the space of his family and a new life in Afghanistan.
It was funny for she that I couldn't do it.
And then from a four years of four years that I challenge the film, a baby is sent up to the flat ball of flag floor.
All of the adults knew the risks knew about.
The biggest fear was the pressures, the virtual and death.
As the majority of adults -- my mother would take a free with voice.
If you were called us, first we would take my sister and I, and then she and my war.
My first remember are from that boat -- the right line of the motor, the professor is going to be based on every single day, and the speed of volunteer and volunteer.
I don't remember the patients who came up several times, but they went up with the speed of men in our bank, or the goal dying and they couldn't go up for six hours.
But I know the lights of the oil platform in front of the Martin color, and the young man that calls and died -- to end the journey was too much for him, and the first company I have, given by the men of the place.
None of them had after the same surface.
After three months in a research field -- we discovered in Mars.
And the next piece of the rooms is about four women about three genes taking a new life together.
We were going to be able to stay in Principle, a kind of kind of work that the population is complex of infections.
In the middle of the middle of the middle of the middle of the middle of the middle of the middle -- and I was straight, in President, there was no sense of the right.
The soldiers who come from the trains were the rest of the world.
And the fragments of English interviews came into the people who had one thing in common -- they were starting again.
My mother worked in grandmothers, then in a mountain line of cars -- working six days.
Even so, I found time to study English and get a test in Terzer technology.
We were poor people.
All of the dollars were supply, and it was a strange tool in English and mathematics -- it doesn't matter what you should be able to do, that it was a little bit new book, was always a second hand.
Two pieces of media for school, one to show the holes of the other.
And a school supply to the brands, because I had to spend six years.
And there were a lot of radio and short stores on the "shows and some graph, "Stephories, go back home.
At home, right?
Something in me was started.
And I was doing determination and a voice that said, "I'm going to show you.
My mother, my sister and I went down in the same way.
My mother was explored every night, but we told us about our day and listen to the movement of our water in the house.
My mother survived specialists, all of the bank.
And my task was going to be willing up until their colleagues would start to be able to get it out.
She opened up a computer, and then I study to be straight and open another business.
And the women came with their stories about men who couldn't do the transportation, advantage and intelligence, and they were transportational by two world.
They looked for substances and pathologists.
And they created centers.
I live in the particular world.
In one -- it was the clinical studying student with what I did from myself.
In the other one, I was started in private lives -- transformed by the violence -- the search of drugs and the surgeon.
But a lot of people have helped through the years.
And for that work, when I study my last year, I got the young year of the year.
And I went out of a piece of the room to the other, but their bees didn't work.
And so Liberty, I was a little bit of Alexander, was now so local and so on.
I don't know the protection.
I didn't know how to use the cars.
I did not know how to talk about citizens.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to go back to the rooms and the entire life of life in a head -- a weapon, a mother and two children end up the day as they did for almost 20 years, and they were going on on the day of each of them and transportational desperations, the three in the same way.
And I said to my mom I couldn't do it.
I remember that I had the same age that she had when she had when we put it into the bank.
He had never been a consequence.
"Go, he said to me, "I'm not going to be what you're not going?
And so I talked about public and education and education to the death and the destructions.
And the later I talked about, more it was soldiers to talk about.
I met people from all of the walk of life, many of them doing what they said, living in the face of the possible.
And even though I ended up my list -- I realized I couldn't be able to put it into a car career.
There had to be another piece of the room.
And I realized at the same time that it's good to be a continuing, a region of the stage -- and not just that it's good, but it's something that is going to be a grandmaker, maybe a bank of the brain.
Because it's going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to accept the pressures of your pressure.
I gave the enough step out of my food area to know that, yes, that the world goes down, but not the way we take it.
You may not have been allowed to be all the way they were all attacked.
There was an energy there, a present option, a stream of human and volunteer.
And so I went out of me.
And I had a little group of people to who the law can't do that was a concerned challenge of it.
For one year we had no contrast.
At the end of every day, I made a giant sign of sound that we all share it.
We worked up to the night.
Most of our ideas were crazy -- but some brains, and we open us up.
I took the decision to kill the U.S.
And after one single journey of it.
My heart again.
Three months later, I had moved up, and the advance contrasted.
Before I ended up, let me tell you about my war.
She grew up in a time in which the Congress was the social normal and the local Mars was the person who was important.
Life had not changed for century.
His father died little after she was born up.
And the mother was a short one.
At the age of the 16 became controlled from a Kang water whose mother was the short.
No support of his marriage, you put a little bit of the destruction and take it up and take the cause of it, and so much more back when they come up.
You can't do it to be able to be right.
I was in the storm in the fourth of a hospital in God when she died -- at a 100,000 miles in Mars.
I looked through the market of the draw and I saw the other side.
I knew that I had come to say.
My mother called minutes later.
days later, we went to a blood team in French and we sat around his airplane.
We tell them stories and we make sure that we were still with it.
At night a man came up and told us that I had to close the air.
My mother asked us to feel their hand.
And I asked the mouse, "Why is your hand and the rest of the body so farm?
Because you have taken his hand from the morning, he said.
"Don't be sure."
If there is a nervous in our family, that mouse through women.
So because we were and how life, we can now see that the men who have come to our lives would be free.
The dog would have gone out there.
Now I want to have my own children, and I ask myself about the bank.
Who could be able to do that for you?
However, I take you to the price of the easy.
I can give you a piece in their lives, which is self-concerned in every day, and it was the recent right right of the motor, which is the heart rate that doesn't make anything else?
I don't know.
But if I could give it to you and look at it, I would do it.
Raisura New York and also the mother of so here is today, in the fourth or a fingertips of the flow.
My story starts in Robert about two years ago.
And I was in the design, under the star system, with the stage of the Steve Stanford Steve.
We were convinced from how nothing has changed from the time of the old operation in the anti-programming Mars.
And in those days when the individuals we wanted to try to go back to a car and take the sky.
Now we do it with all of them.
At that time, when I Arab, the great war of India, he had sex, he had a street and with a store on the ground -- I get water.
Now we do the same thing with shakes and machine.
The connection that we knew was that the machine had gone back to the magic of the magic for the magic of the math.
And that makes me a lot.
Every time I felt a little bit more technical to me.
And I took this idea of losing the ability to be able to figure out if I didn't have the camera if I didn't have the camera if I couldn't tell my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow the magic to kill it.
I was a little bit of my grandmother to give me the piece of paradigm paralyzed.
And this piece of technology of 50 years was for my most magic thing.
It became a door down to a world full of images and nations in my imagination.
I had the feeling that mobile materials, and the cameras and the cameras are important that we are.
They face our research.
And so I came up, I was based on this technological world to see how we use it to create food, instead of kill it.
And I have books from the 16 years.
And so when I saw the Gulf I saw a little bit of narrative that was able to connect the laws of the whole world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where we are.
It will play the text with the image -- the sound and the cost.
The narrative becomes more time more magnificent.
But what does that look like?
I'm going to go back to King Kang, an interesting apply for Arctic.
He says, "Look at your fingers on every light.
And so --  says, "This box looks at me -- I write my name up.
And so I got a piece of the book.
In several times I got a card -- the Arctic knows where they live to the GPS -- which comes to me.
My little girl inside all of these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic here.
And I don't mean to men and doctors but to that map of the influence, to those ideas that we open from children.
For some reason, the leaders in a French was always all the time.
So over here, we have to send the iPhone to deal with the leaders.
And in fact, they end up your way in what the book.
Another idea that I was fascinated with a girl was that a whole thing was a galaxy in a bank.
And so here, every book and every world is transformed in a bank that I love to this magic device inside the stage.
And this open a map of it.
In all of all, there has always been map -- but they've been state materials.
This is a map that I grew up, and you get it through the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book also recognized.
Now I'm going to go.
Another really important aspect for me is to create an Indian and the contracting time.
These are the spinalists.
We've all heard of the hands and the neighborhoods, but how many people outside India know their individual controls, the windows.
These poor people have been taken in the cameras of India for millions of minutes in a old and free book.
And so we're trying to come back in a constant story.
In a story that is going to be access as the environment.
And talking about the environment, one of the problems in the last 10 years, has been that kids have been started, put up to their points, they have not gone to the outside world.
But now with mobile technology, we can take our kids into the natural world with their technology.
One of the interaction of the book is this focus where you have to go out of the extreme, to take the camera or the Island, and remember images of different natural objects in it.
I had a lot of charges, and I had a lot of colleagues, parallel, spiders and colors.
For some reason the kids don't do it.
So in order to remember this relationship of the infection you have to go out and in a car, take a picture to a flower and then take it out.
In another career, you have to take a picture of a piece of control and then take it.
In this way, you create a digital connection of pictures that then you can put in the World Web.
A child of London put a picture of a bank and says, "Oh, today I saw a bank.
A child in India says, "I saw a monkey.
And it creates this kind of social network in the end of a digital pictures that have been taken up.
In the contrast several of the connection between magic and the technology and technology there are a lot of possible.
In the next book we can have an interaction in which you go out with the Iraq and the video of the video and the video reality is actually looking at a group of anti-processing players that are going on on the bottom of the house.
In a moment the screen is full of children.
And you have to do the sound of the wind and show them to read the rest of the book.
We're going to a world where the forces of nature are connected with technology and magic and technology and technology are going to each other.
Let's take the energy of the sun.
We are going to our children and our children to the natural world and to that magic and the factor and love love that we feel through a simple story.
Thank you.
I want to talk to you about why a lot of health projects.
And I think, really, that the most important thing about that is that we stopped listening to patients.
And one of the things that we did in the University University was to get to a decade of the listen to the listen of the listen to a heart.
And not a very scientific way, she shows a little piece of coffee or you and I asked patients and I asked patients and knowledge, what does it happen?
"How can we help it?
And we used to think, that this is one of the biggest problems for what all of us, or maybe not all of all, but most of the health projects of health projects -- because we stopped hearing it.
This is my business ball. It's a very simple thing.
It has a piece of training and advanced.
All the morning, I got up.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I got the challenge to get to 15 Kings.
But it is so simple -- that every time I get into my information to Google Hans.
And my medical doctor has access to him too. So he can see what my weight is, not in the same moment when you need a heart approach or some protection of that stage, but look at it.
But there's another thing.
As some of you you know, I have more than four seconds in Twitter.
So every morning I connect to my moving ball and before I went to my car, people start to talk to me, London, today I think you need a little little limitation.
That's the best thing that can happen -- because it's part of the parts used to help patients be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to form.
On the other hand, it can start to move people out of their classrooms and together develop some real activity to have more control of their health.
In front of the next week will be available to be available for the last week.
And this little man connected to an island or another device to be described.
And people might say, from their house, to take their current pressure -- will send her medical profession, and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients use a position -- they go back to the control and to be aware of their own battle, but it can also help us to the health of health because of the challenges that we face -- like the destruction of the medical attention -- the depression of the disease and other issues.
It will make techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And you can do it with techniques like this, but also by creative.
And one of the things we did would like to share with you with you with a video.
We all have control control in the car.
Maybe we even have them in our cells.
We know exactly where they are the automatic box in Mars.
And also where all the things are.
And of course, we can find a quick food.
But where is the most close DNA to help this patient happen.
We ask but no one happened.
No one knew where you get the DNA on this moment.
So what we did was to make the control in the Berties.
We created a website -- and we asked the audience to look at the audience -- you see a DNA, by the way you can see it, you know, and when it's open up, because sometimes they open in home hours and others are closed.
And over 10,000 distances are already presented in the Berties before.
The next step was to look for the apply for that.
And we made an approach for the Arctic attack.
We created an apply to London, and I actually found these DNA.
And every time you are in the city of Mars and someone collectively, you can use their iPhone, and the next weeks to use their cell cell to find the most close doctor, which can save lives.
And in front of today, I would like to introduce this -- not just like Dishapper, which is the name of the product but as well as "The Denigraneer.
And we would like to start it in the global level.
We are taking all the colleagues in the world, in other universe, so that they help us find and work as a center for the construction of DNA around the world.
Every time you are from collaborations and someone collectively, it can be a particular or somebody face of you, you can find it.
I also wanted to send companies around the world that could help us value these DNA.
They could be a sensor of message or people in television, for example, to see if the DNA that shows is still in their place.
By the way, you get it on this and not just improve health -- but take the control of it.
Thank you very much.
I am here to share the photography.
Or is it "The photography.
Because of course, they're pictures that you can't take with their camera.
My interest for the picture was starting with my first digital camera at 15 years.
And I moved up with my passion in the book, but it was a little bit different because by using the camera the process was in the planet.
And when you take a picture with a camera that is the end of the end of the end of the principle when you put the public.
For me the picture had more to do with the right place in the right moment at the time.
I thought anyone could do it.
And so I wanted to create something different -- a process that would start to put the public press.
Photos like this -- a building in a very short career.
But it has a sentence in it.
And despite it, they keep a level of reality.
Or pictures like this, dark and colors at the same time, but with the common goal to keep the level of reality.
And when I say really saying photographers.
Because of course, it's not something that I can capture but I always want you to have been able to have been able to have been able to have been able to have been able to be able to be able to have been able to have been able to have been able to have been able to have been able to have been able to have been able to
You guys have to have to think of a moment to figure out how to figure out about it.
It has more to be able to capture an idea that was going to capture a moment.
But what is the treatment that makes them look like right?
Are you destructions or the colors?
Do you try the light in the light.
What do you create the impact?
Sometimes it is perspective.
But at the end is about our way to interact the world and how you can put it into a national surface.
It's actually not about whether it is real but what we think is real reality.
And so I think the forces are very simple.
I see it as a resistance of the reality that we take different pieces of reality and we put them together to create an alternative reality.
I'll show you a simple example.
Here we have three powerful objects -- something we can all recognize with the traditional world.
But common in a certain way you can create something that still looks kind of transformation, as if there are.
But at the same time, we know it doesn't exist.
So let's take the brain because the brain doesn't make the fact that that really doesn't have sense.
And I see the same process to change the pictures of it.
It's really going to change different reality.
And the things that make a picture -- I think that they are those where we don't even think of the things that we don't even think of us in our living life.
But by changing pictures is very important to consider it, because in another way something is going to look wrong.
So I would like to say that there are three simple rules that are going to be able to get real results to do it.
As you can see, these images are not very space.
But again, you can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the picture of pictures must have the same perspective.
Second, the common pictures must have the same kind of light.
And these two images are going on with these researchers, and they were taken to the same village and with the same kind of light.
The third point is to make it impossible to do the beginning and the end of the different images with a perfect consumer.
It has to be impossible to see where the picture.
This is another example.
I could think that this is the image of a page and the bottom part is strange.
But this image is totally made by pictures of different places.
In the point I think it's easier to create a place to find a place to find it because you don't need to put the ideas in the head.
But it takes a lot of plant.
And as I thought, I thought this idea I knew I had a number of months to make it, to find the different things for the parts of the room.
For example, the fish was made in a fish journey in a fish.
The costs are about a different.
The contracting part was taken in a police point.
And yes, I even did the house of the size of the island so that it looks more like this.
So in order to get a real result I think it makes plant place.
It always starts with a bank, an idea.
And then you have to communicate the different pictures of it.
And here every piece is very well thinking.
If you do a good job when you take the pictures that the result can be very beautiful and at the very very very really really really beautiful time.
All the tools are there and the only line is our imagination.
Thank you.
I will start showing you a slide about technology, very strange.
Of course, if you can put it.
It's a diagram that I took out of a career me.
I don't really really interested to show you the details but the general aspect of it.
This is a analysis that we were doing about the power of the Richard microbes to see the power of local area.
The interesting thing about this is that this is, like a lot of other people we used to see, is kind of a right line in a political scale.
In other words, every step of here represents an order of market in the record scale.
So I'm talking about technology with social resources is a new thing.
Here's something strange here.
And that's what I'm going to talk about.
Please understand the light.
I need more interesting because I write about paper.
Why do we make technology curiosity in the positive scales?
The answer is that if you draw them in a normal culture in which we say, these are the years -- or some of the time, and this would be any measure of the technology that I would like to thank you, the diversity would look at something related.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say a lot.
But if I thank you, for example, some other technology, like the transportation, in a solar culture would be very time, we would see a right line.
But if something like this, you give a collaborative change.
If the technology technology is going to be so fast as the microbes of microbes, we were able to take a talent and be in Florida.
But it doesn't go to that direction.
There are no present in the history of the technology of a growing growth that every few years are made in magnitude records.
The question that I want to play is -- looking at these extraordinary features -- we see that they don't follow it.
It's not possible to get this change as fast as you go.
It will happen one of two things.
Or it's going to become a current typical typical -- I know like this until it does something completely different or maybe do something like this.
That's everything that can happen.
I am a complexity, so I think maybe something like this.
And so now we would be in the middle of a transport.
In this line we're in a transition of what it used to be the world, at a new way.
So what I'm trying to ask -- and ask me, is, what is that new way that you add the world?
So what new state is the world?
The transition seems very, very considered if we're involved in it.
I remember the future that the future is in the year 2,000 and people used to talk about what would happen in the year.
This is a conference where people talk about the future and we see that the future is going to be the year.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has been spending -- year after year, over my life.
But I think you have to feel that something is going on.
And we can be able to feel a transformation.
And we know that it doesn't have a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years old, because it will all be so different that we are doing what we're doing today doesn't have any sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it could be, how it could be that term that we experience it.
But to do that to have to talk a little bit about things that don't have a lot of things to do with technology.
Because I think the only way to understand it is to take a difference and look at things at a long time.
The time of time I would like to do it is the time of life in Earth.
I think this image has sense if we look at it every billion years.
So we took a few million years of years when the Earth was a great strategy with many chemical chemicals that were looking around them.
If you look at the way that these chemicals are open to a idea of how things happen.
And I think there are trees to begin to understand the organization with the RNA. I'm going to tell you a simple version of this and is that, at that time, there was a lot of access with all kinds of chemical areas in their interest in their Internet.
Some of those artists of access would tell a particular community of chemicals that were made by the outside of the outside and so on.
And they started to get up.
In a sense, those were the most private forms that are the most private forms of action.
But those galaxies were not living -- in the current sense, because every one of them would tell a piece of change of democracy.
And every time you have a distributed distribution of the chemicals that they know.
And so every morning was a little different.
In fact, the galaxies that some of the people who are going to be better than the time to increase the cardiovascular chemicals -- they grow more -- they grow more chemical and they get more.
They usually live more time, they were more representative.
It was a form of life, a very simple life, but things were really interesting when these galaxies learned the test of the architecture.
In some way that we don't understand very well these galaxies learned how to fix information.
They learned to get information, which was the receptor of the cell -- in a special chemical called DNA.
In other words, they put up in this evolution without sense, a written system that allowed them to remember what they were to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to remember it.
And the amazing thing is that the written system seems to have been able to be used since they evolved 200 million years ago.
Our record, our genes have exactly the same code -- that same written system.
In fact, every living will be excited with exactly the same set of letters and the same thing.
And one of the things that I did just by fun. Now we can write things with this code with it.
So here I have 100 miles of white power that I try to get to people in the architecture of the architecture.
But you know, I took this code -- the code has the common laws that we used to use in this, and I wrote my personal data in this DNA phone -- and it was about 10 to the 12 times.
So if someone wants a 100 million colleagues of my personal card -- I have a lot of people in the present -- in fact, for every person in the world and is here.
If it was a color that would have put it into a virus and would have happened to the room.
What was the next step?
I would write the DNA was a interesting.
This made these cells to be happy about a billion years old.
But then another great step in which things were very different in which things were very different and it was that these cells started to interact and communicate information to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to form and communicate information for the cells of cells.
I don't know if you know it, but the bacteria can change DNA.
In that way, for example, evolution to activity.
Some bacteria found the way to avoid the police and they took them to create their little DNA with other bacteria and now there are a lot of resources to the police because the bacteria came in.
This community gave place to make communities that, in a way, they were together in that, and they took a situation.
And so they come together or they were focused out together, or it is that if a community was very successful all of the individuals of that community they represent more and they were fascinated by evolution in the evolution of it.
And the point of innovation happened when these communities were so much that, in fact, they were used and they decided to write all of the community of the community together in a DNA.
The next thing that was interesting for life took other billion years.
And in that stage we have mathematical communities -- communities of many different cells working together as a single organization.
In fact, we are a massive community.
We have a lot of cells that are already not going to be accessible.
The cells of the skin doesn't look at the heart of the heart or the muscles, or the brain, and so on.
So these communities evolved and they produce more interesting levels than the cell -- something that we call a organization.
The next level happened within these communities.
They started to support information.
And to build very special structures that don't do more than making information in community.
They are the natural structure.
The neurons are the spirits that produce information that those cell communities built in.
In fact, they began to spread inside the community being the responsible structures to be able to understand and transform the information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary self-concern.
Because in that moment as individuals -- the learning was connected to the distribution of an organization -- and not at the time of time.
So an organization could be like, for example, to learn how to eat a certain francist because I knew the last time that I knew the last time that he did.
That could happen during the life of a since that they had been built up these research structures of information that for evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals that they made that failure.
And so the fact that the nervous system built those information structures in the increase of the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now happen.
It could happen in time to learn to learn.
But then, of course, individuals discovered the treatment of communication there.
So for example, the most recent version we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an amazing invention of it.
I have a very complicated idea an idea in the head.
I'm here sitting up with a bunch of groups, and with lucky -- building a similar idea and community, in their head.
But we take something very complicated that we become a sound in sound -- and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That allows us to start to work as a organization.
In fact, as humanity -- we have started to make architects.
Now we're going to move through the most similar organisms to the mobile organisms -- we are going to be able to get out of our records, present and information of information.
For example, the information of language was a little step in that direction.
The telephone, the company, the video of video -- the Congo, and so on -- and they are the special mechanisms that we now built to keep that information.
And that brings us into something much larger and more quickly and able to evolved more than we did before.
Now the evolution can happen.
And they saw the evolution of me in which I produced some evolution with the University program to our eyes.
And now we've taken the time of time again.
The first stage of the story I told you about a billion years every one.
The next stages, the nervous system and the brain, took about hundreds of millions of years.
The next one, the language was, they took less than a million years.
And the next one, as the electricity, it seems to take just a few decades old.
The process is represented -- I guess it's the right word to name something that takes their own change of change.
How much more change it does.
And I think that's what we look at in this example of curiosity.
We see that the process is represented.
But I get a life by designing computers and I know that the mechanisms that I work to do is not possible to be possible without the recent disease in the other way.
But now design objects of such a complex thing that would be impossible for me to tell you in a conventional way.
I don't know that it makes every transform in that connections machine.
There are thousands of million.
In time of that, with the designers of Nicole Mars, we think of a level of architecture, we put it in the machine and the machine with that does something that you could not be able to be able to get far further and faster than never before.
In fact, sometimes I start as we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method that I've been using is the evolution of the same.
We put into the machine of an evolutionary process that makes up in the scale of the microbes.
And for example, in the most extreme cases we can evolved a program from a high sequence of information.
And we said, please.
Could you be able to deal with these sequence of institutions when it comes to it, we will get all of those programs and take those of you who are going to do what we want to do?
In other words, I define what I want.
So let's say I want to make numbers, to put a simple example.
So we found the programs that are going to be able to come up with numbers.
Of course, it's a little bit likely that a little bit of institutions of institutions of institutions -- so that none of them did it.
But one, of course, I could use two numbers in the right one.
And I said, "Cheers, you could take 10 percent of those stage secrets that better did the wall?
So let's take those and we call the rest of it.
And now we remember the ones that we get the numbers better.
And we went back to them to give them a property process of self-concerned secret.
We take two programs -- which will make kids, which will make the companies, and that kids are going to make the projects of both of these problems.
And so we got a new generation of programs of programs of programs that had a little bit more success.
And we said, please get the process."
Carriage again.
I tried some materials.
And I tried to try to go up with another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few miles.
So I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or in complex cases in a few hours.
In the end, we ended up with programs that make numbers in a very perfect way.
In fact, they're a much more efficient program than I could have written to hand.
If I look at those programs I can't say how they work.
I've tried to tell you how to see how they work.
They are dark programs -- extraordinary.
But they put the community.
In fact, I know, I have the security that they get the goal because they come from a hundreds of hundreds of thousands of programs that they did.
In fact, their lives decided to do it.
So once I was in a 1970s, I was in "The Middle Microsoft and he came up and he says, "I look at this.
He says, "This artist has hundreds of thousands of particles that are working together to make a security version? Don't make you feel a sense?
We know that the energy processes don't work very well when they get complex.
And so we started depends out from the computers to make a different design process.
And that allows us to produce things a lot more complex things than the normal energy.
However, we don't understand about all the choices that there are.
In that sense, it goes out of us.
Now we use those programs to make a much faster computers and so that we can avoid these programs much more quickly.
I mean, it is represented.
The thing is getting faster and so I think it seems so considered.
Because all of these technologies are represented.
We're going on.
And we are in a story at the back of the mobile organisms when they became magical morality.
We are the seasons and we can't understand what we are being creating about.
We're at the point of institution.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think that it would be very close to our part to think that we are the end product of evolution in the evolution of evolution to be the end of evolution in the environment.
And I think all of us are part of the creation of what it is to come from.
But now it comes up and I think you can go up here before I get up.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change.
And I think this starts with a doctor -- and that's me.
And I've made the enough enough time to allow you to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to take it out of my
Before we treat the issue of my talk, we talk a little bit about biodiversity.
Why isn't it?
We are close to the end of the world.
We love the balloon, right?
The bank is full of amazing systems.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's going to be able to go out of the rules, talk about the statistics and use them to form a great team of bad.
I'm going to focus on one of them and I hope that many of you know it.
It's called balloon.
And we talked about 300 percent of a battle that is battles.
And that means that the white battle events, three of 10 times.
That means that it will be able to reach the pill to the game of play without being adding it, and that anyone who is trying to take it into the first basis -- it doesn't get to time, and the second basis will be saved.
three.
Do you know how they call a 300 in the Great Liberia.
Well, really good -- maybe the team of the stars.
You know how they call a biomaterial ball of 400.
By the way, that is somebody who was about 10 battles, about four careers.
Letter, like the Tedjas Lego, the last game of the Libera March in Bronx in exciting more than 400 miles in a red team.
Now let's take this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable -- or maybe less interesting, after what I'm going to tell you today.
Those of you who have antibiotics and they are determines to a surgeon that has also a 400 percent of a control of an interview.
So it doesn't work, right?
Now guess that they live in a high place and one will be wanted to have two controlled artists and their family doctor is going to give it to a care of the contract of the artist is about 200 percent.
But you know something.
She's going to improve this year.
And their ancestors have been 21.
This is not work.
But I'll ask you.
What do you think that you have to be the average average of an architecture or a crowd or a contract or a controlled pollen?
100,000 very well.
And the truth of the issue is that no one in all of the medicine knows the access of a good circuit or a doctor or a democracy.
What we do, though, is to send them to the world, and I would get it into the magic of being perfect people.
And I never have to go up with a brain and a sense of figure out how to do it well.
That was the message that I knew when I was in the middle of medicine.
And I was a whole complex student for me.
One time, a company in the high school said that George Google was studied to a stranger exploration.
And so you know.
I studied in my little story, in the research of the World York Times of Home Design, not far from here.
And I learned all of me.
And from my artist, I made the organization and the mobile work, the marketing of every art that comes out of the heart, the digital digital and the distance of it.
And I even know the digital digital about how to call it the right to be really recently.
And as I used more and more knowledge.
And I was very good, I got a lot of honors.
And you get out of the medical school that if you eat everything, then I knew everything -- or the most possible thing to do all of it, because I was going to get out of the brains.
And it works for a time, until I met the Delight street.
I was responsible at a college hospital here, in Homo when they came to the Delight search to the service of emotions where I worked out.
At the time I was sent to the contrastion of carefully.
And when you start to be able to go to a cardiology that I was going to put up to that patient.
And it will make it to the search of the region.
When I saw the Delight street, I was going on.
I heard a respect sound here.
And when the forest, I heard a serious sound in both side, which I was inspired by a heart construction institution.
In these conditions the heart is going to work and instead of moving the blood into the blood, the blood is going to the substances, and these are a story of blood -- and that's why there is hard to work.
And it was not hard to disappear.
I did it and I put me to work in the treatment that I would give him.
And he gave him a little bit and a half to add the pressure in their heart.
And I gave him decisions, so I could be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to.
And in a hour or two, she started to feel better.
And I felt very well.
And there was when I put the first brain, I sent it to his house.
In fact, I put two more.
I sent it to his house without talking to the search of the researchers.
I didn't get the phone and I did not do what I should have done, which was to call my head and put it up with him so that he saw it.
And if my husband would have seen it, I would have been able to get a completely powerful information.
Maybe I did it for a good right.
Maybe I didn't want to be a research that would be able to be able to be consequenced.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to look at responsibility -- that I could take out of my patients without even trying to tell my fate.
The second thing that I bought was worse ...
When you send her home, I didn't pay attention to a voice in my interest that said, "Good -- it's not a good idea. Don't do it.
In fact, I was so sure that until he asked the destruction that he was going to the same salary stage, "I think it's good if you go to their house go?
And he thought about it and then he said, "You know, I think I was going to be able to be good.
I remember that as if it was yes.
So it was that I was going to look at the head, and the amount of all with the doctors they took her home.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that later, I had a bad point in the stage.
But I kept with my job.
At the end of the day, I put up to leave the hospital and walk into the record where my car was my car to go home, at that time I did something that I do not do it.
It happened by the services of the way to home.
And there is another design, not the one that was coming out of the Declon street before, but another one told me three words -- those three words that most of the medical doctors are going on.
Other species are also going to also take them as well.
The three words are, "How does you?
Is it about the patient that I sent up to your house?
And I asked the other way with a natural transportation.
"Well, she goes back, with the same amount of voice.
She was good.
But I came back to the death of death.
In a time of a time of having come to his house, after I gave her the place, I had a collaboration and his family called the 1990, the doctors brought it into an early pressure of 50 percent of Helly, which means a sex sea.
And I was going to go down and I was blue and it was blue up.
This is the personal person of all their resources.
They gave him a measure to get the current pressure to get the current pressure for it.
And they put it up an artificial report.
And I was made and show up to the mountain.
I had a feeling of feeling because then they were going to be in the bottom stage and he waiting against all hope that you would get back.
And in the two or three days next day I was never going to be despite.
I had a brain brain degree.
The family.
And in eight or nine days, they went to what was happening.
And at the age of the day, they left it to go -- the Delight School, wife, mother and shadow.
They say you never forget the name of the ones they die.
That was my first experience.
And the next week, I went up for it and I experienced for the first time that there is in our medical culture, and I felt just just -- single -- without feeling that service beauty because you can't talk to your colleagues with you.
You do the parents and never get the minds of that brain.
It is that view that let me leave a understanding of it.
And the bad search that I talk to you is the one that makes us feel very bad in it.
It's the one that tells us not that what we did was, but we are bad.
And I felt that.
And it was not for my fate, he was a moment.
I talked to the family and I'm sure that I was sure things and make sure that they wouldn't stop me.
And I kept asking those questions.
Why did I not ask my factor? Why did I send it to his home, why did I send it into his house, why did I send it into his house, why did I send it into his house, why did I send it into his house, why did I send it into his house, why did I send it into his house, why did I send it to his
And in my worst moment, why did I buy a standard state?
Why do I choose medicine?
A little bit of that feeling was despite.
And I started to feel better.
And in a national day, he was open up the sky and finally came out the sun and I was asked if I would feel better again.
And I made a deal with me in which if I cut the effects to be perfect to be perfect to not get more brains.
And so it was.
I went back to work.
But I went back to happen.
Two years later, it was help in the employees of the employees in a community to the North Street, and I got a man of 25 years with a dog in the blood.
And I was very concerned and I went up.
And he was used here.
I looked at his garage, I was a little bit.
And he wrote him up and sent it to his house.
But as he gets down to the door kept on his blood.
Two days later, when I came to do my characteristic change -- my father asked me to talk to me in their office in the office of it.
And I started the three words, right?
Do I remember the patient that I saw on the paradigm?
And he came back and I didn't have an argument facial.
I had a very massive attention called the professionals.
You can look at it in Google -- it's a intelligence, not from the galaxy, but in the age of the surface, and that can be able to cause the risk of those go.
He said, "I didn't know.
And it was advanced by the intervention and it will get back to the few days.
And you take the same period of service and representation, then I went back and go back to work, until it happened over and over again.
Two times in the same course in the same environment, don't give them antibiotics.
And it's a great effort -- especially working in a hospital -- because it goes to 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home and I don't think it has been a description.
One of them thought that I had a real clinic.
You get a recent radio rate, but it was a collection that I was running to the patient presented a certain sense in the right stream and called the circuit.
The other patient was with a lot of direction.
And they get a lot of light to recognize and I asked my colleagues to do it.
And so you see it and when you see a certain sense in the right right care, I called the circuit.
both of them were open and they were recently.
But every single case I was made to me, I was discovered.
But I would like to tell you that I put the worst brains in the first five years in the first five years, and as many colleagues say, is a beauty.
The most significant ones have been for the last five years.
Just surrounded and surrounded and surrounding.
And here is the problem, if I can't read it and talk about my brains -- if I can't find the vision that tells me what it really happens, how could I share this with my colleagues?
How do I teach you this so that they don't get the same reserves?
If I go into a place like this, I would have no idea what you think of me.
When it was the last time you listen to someone talking to somebody talking about failure, after failure?
Of course in a picture you heard about the members of other doctors but you don't listen to someone talking about their own brains.
And if I knew and my colleagues as well, that a transportation in my hospital was the wrong legs that I was able to have hard to look at the eyes.
This is the system we have.
And the full notion of the brains.
It's the system that there are two possibilities. The ones who are eating brains and the ones that you can't sleep and the ones that you know, the ones who have a result and the ones who have to be able to be supposed to be survival.
And it is almost like a collective reaction -- as an artists they start to add to that person.
We have the idea that if we take out of the medicine to the people who are going to come up, to be a safe system.
But that's two problems.
In 20 years, I have been done in 20 years, and I have made a personal study of a bad medical property and a half of the doctors to learn how possible it was that I wrote for the Toronto Street that I wrote for my program to the program, "Work Congolest, Bangladesh Arabic?
And what I learned is that teachers are surprising.
We work in a system where teachers are going on every day, where one of 10 printers in the hospital are wrong -- or discussion is not right. In a system, in a system in which the international institutions are increasingly and more numbers, by getting care and death.
In this country, they die 24 dollars by the engineering medical brains.
The United States in the United States started 100 100.
In both cases, it is a little bit of bad substances, because we're not getting the problem as we have.
And so they are things.
A hospital system where the knowledge is moving every two or three years, and we don't get to us.
The pressure of dream is all the instrument of it.
And we can't get rid of it.
So we have a little bit of cognitive services that allow a perfect story of a patient with a patient in the brain.
Now, let's take at the same patient with a pain in the book, and it comes up with the card eyes and with any of a contract and all of all, and suddenly my story is despite.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot -- I don't do things as well.
And my patients are not cars -- they don't recognize their systems always in the same way.
For all of this, the brains are invisible.
So if we take the system as they taught us, and we ended up all of the teachers in the brain, well, it will not be anything.
And with that people don't want to talk about your most gradually, grades.
In my program. (Design art, art art, it's a company to say, "This is my worst realm. I would tell you all from the photos to the search of the heart corner, and this is my worst brain, black, black -- "What are your brains? And it would take the mission to them.
And their students would say, "We would go back to the head and bring it up and they would start to tell their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
You want to say, "Look, they don't get the same record."
They need a context where you can do it.
They need a reducing medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The medical doctor is human -- you know human -- you know it, and it doesn't get out of their brains -- but it turns out to learn from what happened to teach others.
They share their experiences with them.
It's support for those of you who talk about their brains.
It would be survived by other people of other people not with the try to take them up, but in a kind of love and support and support for all of them to be benefit of.
And I work in a medical culture that needs human beings to get the system, and when this happens -- they get a lot of time in the time.
My name is Britain Golden.
I'm a reducing doctor here.
I am a human -- I have a human.
And I feel a lot of it, but I feel a lot to learn something that can transform others.
I don't know what you think about me, but I can live with that.
And let me connect with three personal words, I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions we take a day every day.
Do you know how much we put up in a week.
A little bit of it made a story over over 2,000 people and the average amount of choice that says to write an American American -- it's about 70 percent a day.
It doesn't make a lot, in an research for a week to a group of companies.
The researchers were reduced by the different areas by these electrons and the time that they started in taking religious decisions with those tasks.
They found that, in the middle of 1960, they get 1990 work for week.
You know, every single job in a lot of ministers.
half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent had a hours or more of your time.
Now you think about their choice.
Do you know how many people are going to be about nine minutes, and how many of a hour?
How do you take the way that the way you make those decisions?
So today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems of activity, to choose to the content of options.
And I want to talk about the problem and a few solutions.
As I talk about this -- I'm going to ask you a few questions and I need to know their answer.
When I ask a question -- as I am blind -- you take your hand only if you want to make career.
On the other way, when I ask a question -- if your answer is positive by a father of a pain.
And now my first question of the day, are you ready to hear the problem of the position of the content?
Thank you.
It will be from the University of the University of the University of Saturn, and I found this very, very high level, at least in that time was very sophisticated at all.
It was called Delight.
It was almost like going to a distance of fun.
There was about 24 different kinds of special and visit, over 500 different kinds of factors and variations and about 25 percent of water, and this was when we had water water.
I would love to go to that trial, but in an object I asked me, why do I never buy anything.
This is the other one of the standard of the start.
They had more than 75 different cells, including the ones who were in box that they come out of millions of millions of microbes.
So once I decided to visit the generation and I asked him, "You know, well this strategy of making all these consumers?
And he gave me the barriers full of the streets that came up with every day, usually with their camera.
We decided to make a little experiment with the markets. This is the thing.
It takes it.
They had 32 different cells.
We put a game to stay, right at the end of the screen.
We put out there from six heads -- or about 24 different heads, and we look at two things -- first of all, in what case people were willing to be willing to be able to do the market?
More people were told when there was 22, a 60 percent that there was only six -- about 40 percent.
We also look at us in what case they were more likely to buy a stream of market.
So here we found the opposite effect here.
The ones who were told when there was 24 -- only three percent got to buy making.
The ones who were looking at when there was six -- we saw that 30 percent.
If we do the clinics, the people had six times more likely to buy if they found six -- that if they were trying to.
Well, to decide that we don't buy that we will probably come back to us -- -- -- less is good to get the line -- but it turns out that the problem of the concept of choices is actually an application of the constant decisions of the destination.
We decided not to say, even when this doesn't get us.
And now the issue of the day, the financial sea.
I'm going to describe you a study that I did with Google Hump, Iran Kang and World James, where we look at the decisions on the search of a million Americans in the back of a million Americans in this country.
We were interested in looking at if the number of the bottom devices in plants to be able to stand up in plants to be painting -- the 1960s, discovered people to save for the future.
And we found that actually there was a relationship.
We had 725 plants that were from two, until the age of two different choices.
And we found that the biggest one was the number of forest forces, there was less participation.
So if we look at the extremes, we see that in the plants that make two forests, the rate rate was 70 or more, not as high as I want.
And in the plants that make about 60 years -- the participation rate was given to the person 60 percent.
It turns out that even if you decided to participate -- when there is more choices -- even in that case, there are neurological consequences in it.
So for the ones who decided to participate -- how much more of you was the number of opposites, more people were used to avoid the action or the bottom forms.
And in the fact that there was more choices -- they were more willing to invest in terms of market.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we would remember to make the future financial funding.
In the decade we have seen three major negative consequences to make more and more possible.
And the most likely is that they put the decision -- that they can still go back to the inside of the inside of it.
It's more likely to take the worst decisions and in the health.
They are more likely to create things less survival, even though you get better.
The main reason is that we get to look at that variety of hard, supply, visit and search, but we are not able to make the cells to compare and get up and choose to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able
So today I want to give you four simple techniques that we've talked about, in a form or another way, in different research, so you can think of their business.
The first is, Carry.
You have already heard before, but it has never been more true than today, that less is more.
People are always used when I say, "We can say.
They worry about losing space in the air.
But what we're seeing is what we're seeing every time more and more is that if you decided to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be an increase in the vehicles -- they will have a better experience in the choice.
When I think of Green country from 24 different kinds of Harvard at 12, they saw an increase about 10 percent of them.
And when the General Golden Carter calls the products for the banks that are less sold -- they were used to be used in 99 percent, for two careers, and more costs and less costs.
And you know that the supermarkets of today, in the middle of 450 product.
In a term of Wall is presented about 100 product.
But the brand has been bigger in the current world in the current world is Allong and it takes only 1,000 products -- a kind of sea room in the land.
In the world, I think that one of the best examples that have happened about how to get better than how to get the options of David Laden, the program of Harvard.
All of the states of Harvard are actually increased to a way of life.
Those of you who are really going to be able to be able to be able to be able to give them 20 percent, not 300 or more.
You know that often people say, "I don't know how to continue.
All of them are important options.
The first thing I do is to ask the experiments, "Let me tell you the differences that there are between those choices.
And if your companies can't be able to be able to do it to do their careers."
This later, before I started this service -- I was talking to Garden.
He told me that it would be willing to support the people from this audience a little bit of parallel to the most beautiful heart of the world.
Here, a description.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave you a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to give you a care if you're ready to take the head of Galapago.
(Audience: All right. All right.
Are they not me?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew that there was a trial.
Who is ready for that train?
I think it's actually the most hand.
All right.
In fact, you had more information in the first right, which in the second, but I can be able to tell you that the second time was more real.
Because the images made it more real.
And this brings me to the second techniques to keep the problem of the content control that is Congress.
For people to understand the differences between opposites, they have to understand the consequences of every choice -- and that the consequences must feel very virtually, very controlled.
Why do people spend 15 to 30 percent more in average when you use search cards or critical careers, that when you use effective?
Because it doesn't look like real money.
It turns out to make it more real -- it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with San Berkeley and September Principle, on the middle of the special Internet -- that they were working in the IRA -- these people were in a meeting where they were running to a 2000s.
At that area that we know exactly how it was used -- we made a little advance.
What we asked was that we put the person who would think about the positive things that are going on in their lives if they would save more money.
With this mission there was an increase in the airplanes of 20 and an increase in the amount that they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their own.
The third technology is Carly.
We can make a little bit more expensive than opposites.
For example, this is a study that we did in a private paradigm.
We saw that in the Bronx Schools at the back of the narrative, which is the end of red reports can continue from 321 different kinds of different than 144.
But you know?
Because what I was inspired to do is how to do it.
These are two extensions of games.
One is called "Japanese, and the other, "Stephen."
If you think that one on the left is Santa and the right of the right is Japan, they give a pain.
(Audience: Well, there are some of them.
If you think that one on the left is Japan and the right is Santa, you get a pain.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The left on the left is Japan and the right one is Sally. But you know something.
And this scale is completely interesting.
The cells have to invest something to be an approach, not to the decisions.
You can often look at this problem with those huge list lines.
Who are you information?
My fourth career, will be able to build complexity up.
It turns out that we can keep a lot more information than what we think, if we just show it a little bit.
We have to increase the creative complexity of it.
I'm going to show you an example of what I want to say.
Let's look at a very complicated decision -- the company of a car.
So this is a strange face of cars that allows me to give you a little bit.
You have to take 60 decisions to make the car.
And these decisions are going to be in the number of choices that make each one.
Control, color color of the car -- I have 14 possible.
Maker, I box of change, four contexts.
So what I'm going to do is to fly the order that the decisions are.
So half of the cells are going to go from a lot of choices -- 45 color -- for a few years, four dollars.
The other half of the cells are going to go out of a little bit, four chairs, to 14 colors, a lot of opposites.
And what am I going to do?
So how much they are.
If you go into the destruction of it in every decision in every decision -- this means that they are wrong, or it is, we're losing them.
We found that the ones who are going to go from a lot of choices to a few of them -- they use the bacteria over and over and over again.
We lose them.
If you go from a few choices to many, they go there.
The same information, the same number of choices.
The only thing I did was to add the order that the information.
If we start with the easy thing, you learn to stand.
Even though you put the box of change -- not tell anything about the pressure of the destruction in the bottom -- all of us will be able to choose us.
We have a product that we are building that now has more intensive with the process.
To be supporting.
I've been talking about four techniques to kill the problem of the positive program, and I would be able to be able to be able to be extraordinary analysis, to come up, to make it real -- Congress, we can make more colors with less choices -- to build complexity in it.
All of these techniques that I've shown you were designed to help the alternatives, or better for you, to use them in their own people, or for people who are coming in.
It is that I think the key to get the best of an choice is being carefully considered.
And the more carefully we are in our best choices we can be able to predict the art of choose it.
Thank you very much.
In the 1960s, in the World East Commission, if you had a machine to write it to the government.
And I had to be an example of an example of example with the machine.
And this is so that the government could solve the generation of the textbooks.
If you found a written with the right message that you could be able to be able to break up to the origin of the idea.
In the West we didn't have somebody who could do this, so much that it would be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to deal with it.
We will never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2010, if you buy a great color of any big and printed prison of any big phone, that page will end up having a few major advanced streets in every page that makes them a pattern that makes them a pattern that makes them a pattern that makes them a pattern that makes them a pattern that makes them a pattern that makes them a pattern that
That is happening today.
And nobody looks like a lot of this.
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology in against us, the cities.
And it's one of the three main causes of problems in the network.
If you look at what happens in the world in line we can be able to break the artists out of their advantages.
There are three main groups.
They're the constructions.
Like Mr. Discovery Google from the city of King in Europe.
The cell cell is very easy to understand it.
These guys make money.
They use a lot of money to make a lot of money.
There are really a lot of millions of millions of millions in line -- magnificent, that they make money with their artists.
This is Venus Stanford, from Talk, Steve.
This is Francisco Garden.
This is Steve Bang.
This is Beijing Superman.
These are Mars Anderson: Talk Alexander, Anderson: etc.
These guys are doing their forces in line, but they do it by the digital media to be able to be able to break money out of our consequences when we buy it in line -- or they used our key to get information of our cards when we buy in a computer computer.
The secret secret of the United States, two months ago, I was able to tell you about the surface of this room, and he was John Japan, and this story had 14,000 million dollars when it was continually.
The Servis.
And I say that today is more likely than any of us is coming out of a construction that of a real crisis.
And it is very obvious that this is going to be wrong in the worst one.
In the future, most of them will happen in line.
The second group of designers in matter that we look at today is not motivated by the money.
There is another thing that moving them, you get them into the proteins, you get them into the operations, you get them into the rooms.
groups like Americans have gone down in the last 12 months by taking a direct role in the lines in line.
Those are the three main advances, the creatures that make it for money, the horizontal as animals that do it to protect and the last group are the national states that are the governments that are going on.
And then we see cases like December.
That is a good example of government against their own cities.
Democratic is a care of the Carolina Carolina, or actually, it was.
Decision is the last ocean because of a surface.
They had the security of the site and they put a contrast.
And the last week I asked -- in a meeting with the horrible government -- I asked one of the leaders if they found the death of people in the artist to decide.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how do people die from a attack of this?
Democratic is a clinical car.
They sell climate.
Why are the careers.
Well, you need if you have a website with hundreds, service services survival, services like Green.
And I saw that you get an extraordinary collaboration of an extraordinary authority.
And that they get carefully carefully.
And in the case of Denigal happened exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Rough, and those things that have happened, for example, in Earth?
Well, in England the managers were taken out of the top of the secret security seat in 2010 and during the top of the building, they found a lot of paper.
between those paper was this career called Pennsylvania.
And within that card there were northeas of a company with seat in Alexander that had sold the government government to interact to a great scale of the cities of the country.
They had sold this tool for 2005, which is the Earth of the Earth government to the Earth.
The source of the company is right here.
And it is, the Western governments are going to be tools to the key governments so that they do this to their cities.
But the Western governments are also doing this to themselves.
For example, in Alexander, just a couple of weeks ago, I found the street surrounding the Stanford School, a terrorism used by the animal government to research their own cities.
If you are surprised in a very good case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is interacting.
But today it goes beyond there.
It becomes the connection to the Internet.
They used even tools like the Terrority Steve to increase our computer with a transportation to allow them to see all the communication and listen to the discoveries in line to get our data.
When we think about things like these the obvious answer should be "Well, it looks like something wrong -- but it actually doesn't affect me because I'm a honor city.
Why would I worry about.
I have nothing to continue?
And that argument doesn't have sense.
It's in a game in play.
The private is not described.
It's not a question of the security against security against it.
It's about freedom against control.
If we could be able to trust our governments today in 2010, any right that we are going to do today, will be for always to be forever.
Are we going to take up in any future government in a future government that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that have to worry about the next 50 years.
So here is where I live -- I live in Kenya, in the top of the National National part of National Park.
These are the values of my dad -- at the end, and behind the speed -- the National National Park.
The National National Park doesn't have close in the most part of the sound -- which means that animal animals like the books are likely to be out of the park.
And designers, like the laws -- and this is what they do.
They make our cardiology.
This is one of the ones who killed at night, and so soon we got up in the morning and we found it in the morning and we found it very bad because it was the only thing that we have.
My community, we believe that we come from the sky with our animals and all the land to show them, and that's why we value them so much.
So I grew up with a lot of the law.
The moral are war that protect our community and the carbon, and they are also monitored with the problem.
So they kill books.
This is one of the six laws that killed in National.
I think this is so few in the National National Park.
A child in my community, in the nine to nine years -- it's responsible for his father and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to be able to use it, because I thought that the laws would give them free.
But I realized that this is actually not serious -- because it even helped the laws to see the stage of the back.
I don't remember me. It can me.
A second idea was to use a scale.
I was trying to get the laws to believe that I was close to the stage.
But the laws are very smart --  They came the first day and they saw the speed and they looked at the school, and they were like, but the second day, they come back and they said, this thing doesn't move -- it's always here.  So they went out and kill animals.
So one night I was walking around the state with a start and that day the laws didn't come in.
I found that the laws have fear to the light that's moving up.
So I had an idea.
And I got an instrument with the one that I will learn and make the light.
And this is a little piece of a robot line.
It took everything.
As you can see, the solar role is going to be able to be able to take the boat and the short ship to the little box of indicator -- I call it a transformation.
And the Indian box makes the light light.
As you can see, the babies are going out there, because that's where the laws come from.
And that's how you see the laws when you come from night.
And the lights go up and get the laws to think that I am walking on the stage, but I'm going to get on my house.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never got to have problems with the law.
And the cases of the vision they had the idea.
One of them is this grandmother.
And she had made a lot of animals the laws and asked me if I could put the lights out.
I said I know.
And you can see it at the bottom -- these are the lights for law.
Since then, I've been interested in seven houses in my community and they're looking at a lot.
And my idea is also used now for all Kenya, to support other drugs like hundreds, letters, and it's also used to be used to be able to be able to support electrons of the grandmothers.
Thank you to this invention -- I had the force to get a benefit in one of the best schools in Kenya, Burrous Stanford Steve, and I'm very excited about it.
My new school right now is helping you to get forests and contribute.
I even took my friends to my community and we get light in the houses that don't have them, and I teach you how to put them.
So a year ago, it was just a child in the prisoners of the short painting the speed of my father, and I used to look back at me, and he said that some day would be within one.
And here I go.
I got the opportunity to come up with the first time to TED.
My great dream is to get to be energy and pillar when I grew up.
It used to be able to hate the laws -- but now as my Internet is saving the speed of my dad and the laws -- we can be with the laws without any connection.
And the way that in my language means -- thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine the exciting thing that is to listen to a story like it.
So you get a benefit. Richard Turkey, Yeah.
CA: You are working on other electrical invented invented in.
What's the next in your list?
RG: My next invented is -- I want to make a limited close -- CA: A little line.
RG: I know that they were already invented by the electric near but I want to do the me.
CA: So you can try it once again, right?
We're going to animal in every step that you know, friend me.
Thank you very much.
When I was small, I thought my country was the best of the planet.
And I grew up with a song called "No, "Notically, "Nothing."
And I felt very proud to me.
In school, we spent all the time by studying the story of Bill America, but we never learned a lot of the rest of the world, except that South America, Japan of South Africa, Japan is the ideas.
Even though I sometimes asked me about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend all my life in North Korea -- until it all changed of it.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public effect.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal at all.
My family was not poor and I had never been handled.
But one day, in 2010, my mom brought home to a letter of my sister of my sister care.
I said, "When you read this, the five members of the family will stop there in this world, because we haven't run in the two weeks last week.
We are recognized together in the past, and our bodies are so deep, that we're ready to deal?
I was very all a long.
It was the first time I heard that people were sitting in my country.
At a little time, when I was going to go into the train of the train -- I saw something terrible that I can't draw from my mind.
A woman without life was dead in the street -- you get a scientific child in their arm looking at the face of his mother without able to do anything.
Nobody helped them, because they were very concerned about taking them and their family.
A huge amount of artists in North York at the middle of the 1990s.
At the end, more than a million neurons died during the hungry, and only a few of them were settled up by constructing, insects and trees.
They also did more and more fragile the controllers of energy -- all of my around, all of my around me was completely at the early night at the end of the sea in China, just by making the river from my house.
I always asked you why they had light and not.
This is a secret picture of North School in the night at the night at the age of the neighborhood countries.
This is the Arab River, which comes from light between North America and China.
As you can see, the river can be very nice in certain points -- allow us to be able to make self-constant services.
But so many die.
Sometimes I looked at bodies looking at the room.
I'm not able to reduce the details of how I came out of the North University of the North Busine, but I can only say that for the years of the man I was sent to China to live with a little bit.
But I just thought that it would be sure of my family for short time.
I could never have imagine that I would take 15 years to live together.
In China, it was hard to live like a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life would be like as a nerve record.
But soon I learned that it's not just extremely difficult -- but also demonstrating -- because the name records in China were constructed implications in China.
And so I was living with a concept that my identity was recorded, and it would be replaced to a horrible destination of the north of the North Pole.
One day, my worst decade was actually made out of it, when I went down by the Chinese police and I was interested in the police space.
Some of them had been used to be noise, then they took my skills in the Chinese language and asked me a lot of questions.
I was a law.
I thought my heart was going to explore it.
If you don't look like nature, it could be concentrated and destruction.
I thought my life was going to end up.
But I got to control my emotions and tell the questions.
At the end of the interview of an office said to another, this was a favorite representation. She's not normally?
And they left me to go. It was a mile.
Some neurons in China to look at the surface of the extraordinary companies.
But many of them can be used by the Chinese police and designer.
These women had a lot of rules.
And even though they had called them, they were completely ready after a single international perspective.
These neurons didn't have a little bit.
Every year, I found neurons are calculated in China and desperate in the north of the North of the North -- where they are transparent, present or entirely in public policy.
Even though I went up to specific, a lot of other neurons have not had so much.
It is terrible that neurons have to take their ideas and fight so hard just to survive it.
Even after you learn a new language and find work, all their world can be used in a intelligence.
This is why after 10 years of carriage my identity -- I decided to give you to go back to the South Africa.
And I started a new life again.
So I would find it in South Africa was a much larger challenge of what I expected to.
The English was very important in South Africa, I had to start learning my third language.
It also understood that there was a great gap between North and South America.
We are all communities, but in the inside of it, we've got to be very different.
You even have an idea.
am I sure or narrative?
Where am you? Who am you?
I was not a country that I could call it with proud me.
And even though I was able to add life in South Africa, it was not easy -- I made a plan -- I started studying for the engine in the universe.
Just when I started to add my new life, I got a call called a cardiovasce called a cardiovasce.
The North Angeles of North Congress involved some money that I sent to my family, and as a care, my family was going to be spread to the force to a block in the open.
They had to go to measure.
And so I began to plan how to help you be able to help them.
The neurons have to travel a lot of distance in the way to freedom to the freedom to the freedom to the freedom to the freedom to the freedom to the freedom to the freedom to the freedom to the freedom to the freedom to the freedom to the freedom to the freedom to the freedom to the freedom to the freedom to the freedom to the freedom to the
It is almost impossible to bring the face between North America and South South of South America.
And so, I took a fly back to China and I love it to the front of the North County.
Because my family could not talk Chinese -- I had to take them up, in some more than three miles through China and then through the South America.
And the journey in cars took a week, and we almost went through several times.
One time, our car was designed and addressed by an office of the Chinese police policy.
And I asked all of all, and I started asking them questions.
As my family could not understand Chinese -- I thought my family was going to be wrong.
When the Chinese office came up to my family, I certainly put me up and I told him that they were surrounded by it was able to get up.
And I looked at me, but I really created me.
We did all the way up to the front of Los.
But I had to spend almost all my money in order to get up to the favorite galaxies in Los.
But even after I was going to go up -- my family. My family was addressed and put it up to create the factor implicated.
After pay morning and surgeries, my family.
But at time, my family was addressed and started again in the career of Los.
This was one of the most low dots in my life.
I did everything to deal with my family, and we were so close to my family -- but my family was researching in the bottom of the University of the South Pole.
I was and he came between the office of information and the policy of the police -- you know, trying to deal with my family.
But I didn't have enough money to pay more organizations or moral mouth.
I lost the hope.
At that time, or the voice of a man would say, "What is the problem?
I was so surprised that a continuing to ask him to ask it.
With my English poor and with a distribution, I would explain the situation -- and without doing it, the man was at the automatic box and gave me the rest of the money for my family and for the other two neurons and to get them out of private them.
I thank you with all my heart, and I asked him, "Why do I help me?
I'm not helping you, he said.
"I'm helping the new neuroscience.
I realized that that was a system in my life.
And the sea senses a new hope for me and for the black village when we needed it.
And I showed you that the benefits of the discoveries and the support of the international community are really the spirit of hope that the name is needs to need it.
With the time, after our long journey -- my family and my family and I went back in South East of South Africa.
But it will get his freedom is only half of the ball.
A lot of neurons are ready from their families and when they go to a new country, they start with a little bit of money.
So, we can benefit from the international community with education, practice of the English language -- and more.
We can also act as a bridge between people in North Korea and the rest of the world.
Because a lot of us are going in contact with families still in, and we put information and money that is helping change the north of North from the inside of the Internet.
I've been very fascinating, I've got a lot of help and inspired in my life, so I want to help you give you a chance to be able to make an international support of it.
I'm sure you are going to see more and more neurons coming around the world, including in the TED.
Thank you.
I live in the South Africa.
This is Colony South Street, which is film, filmmakers -- face factors farmers.
And so the cities of the city came together and they thought, we're going to change the name of the South York so that they do something else -- so that they changed to the South Angeles, as if this is going to run what's really wrong in the city.
So this is the South Arabics.  You try to fight free, foreign terrorists farmers.
At the same as 250 million other Americans -- living in a design of food -- the Archies Congo South South Southern Southeas to take and eat in the car.
The key thing is that the food places to take more people than food in the car.
People are die from rural diseases in the Archies Colony Congo.
For example, the open rate rate in my vision is five times bigger than say, Brown Hillary, which is like 15 miles a day.
I'm going to see that this happens.
And I ask me, how do you feel if they didn't have access to the healthy food, and if every time you get out of home you see the dangerous effects that the current food system has in their village?
I look at the streets of robots and sell as cars as you use them.
I see hundreds of dollars like Stanfords.
And I consider that this has to happen.
I think the problem is the solution.
The food is the problem and it's the solution.
And I was also going to give you about 45 minutes of day and come back to buy a point that doesn't have a paradigm.
What I did, it was to put a forest of food in front of my house.
In a land of land we call a land.
It's about 45 to three me.
The point is, you have the city.
But you have to keep it.
And I said, "Well, I can do what I come in with a garden, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it.
This is how I decided to keep it.
And so my group and I, Liberia. Grandma Green, we go together and start to plan our food beauty, fragile trees -- you know, the new whole green green lives.
What we do, we are kind of kind of a set of groups pay by collaboration of all of the products, all of the city and completely volunteers, and everything we do is free.
And the garden, I was beautiful.
And then someone got up.
The city came up to me, and they actually gave me a car saying that I had to go back to me that I had to go through my card, the quality was made in the collaboration of a collaboration.
And I said to me, let's go on, right?
A public order to play food in a piece of land that no one matters?  And so I was like, "Well, let's take it."
Because this time I wasn't going to happen.
Liberian had the story written by Steve Lost Los, and I talked to the contract and one of the members of Green Green, who put a piece in China, with 100 degrees -- we were a success.
We had the violence in our hands.
My head even called to say that they were ready and they were doing what we were doing.
I mean, let's say, why do you?
LG: This is the city of the United States with more black trains.
It has seven miles of the black trials.
That equivalent to 20 percent.
That is enough enough enough to put 120 million dollars of talent.
Why do you do it you don't look like this?
Compare a plan to give a couple of them, 10 dollars.
And when a dollar dollars will give you 75 dollars of it.
It's my ice -- when I tell people -- you grow your own food.
They grow your own food is how to print your own money.
You see, I have a read for Congo South.
I grew up there. I grew up to my children there.
I'm going to be part of this reality that was made to me by others, and I'm going to make my own reality.
You see, I'm artist.
The cardion is my graph, I grow my art.
As a grade of grandmas, that you get parts, and I get stress stores, lights back.
I use the land, the land -- like a piece of signal, and the trees and the trees and the trees are my employer of that way.
And they were surprised to see what the land can do if you let it be the time.
You just can't imagine the amazing thing that is a surgery and how they affect people.
What happened?
I am afraid of how my husband became a tool of education -- the research of my vision.
To change the community, you have to change the compassion of the Earth.
We are the Earth.
They would be surprised to see how the kids are.
The cardiology is the most pressure and private act that you can do, especially in a group.
And also, they get free.
I remember a generation, who came a mother and his daughter -- they were like 18, and they were in my card, and they were in my card, and they look very conservative.
I mean, a man, I felt bad that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this.
This is on the street for a right.
I felt sending people to see people who was so close to me, and this only means why I do this, the people who do this, the people ask me, "Do you don't want people to play your food?
What I say, "The God, I don't have a fear that you're going to be running.
That's what it is in the street.
That's what it is.
I want you to take it, but at the time, I want you to go back their health?
There was another thing that I put a car in a record in the center of the Antarctica.
They were these guy, that they helped me take the walking out.
It was fascinating, I was made by their stories about how this had been asked and how they used to play with his mom and his war, and it was familiar to see how it changes them, so it was just just for a moment.
This is what Google Green has come to play maybe 20 lines.
We've had -- like about 50 people who come in, they work and participate -- all of them in a value of volunteer.
If the kids come up with them, the kids eat college.
If you grow terrorists, they eat terms.  But if nothing of this is taught -- if you don't teach them how the food food is and the body, they eat the blind things that put them in front of it.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing where they are starting -- I see kids of color that are in this path designed for them, which doesn't take them to any side.
With the landma, I see an opportunity where we can train these kids that are getting out of their communities to have a sustainable life.
And when we do this, you know?
Maybe the next George Galaxy Carley.
But if we don't change the compassion of the Earth, we will never do it.
Now this is one of my planet, this is something I want to do.
I want to play all of a card career, where people can share food in the same career.
I want to take you and turn them into the health careers.
They don't get me.
I'm not talking about great things, because it is not surprising.
The curious thing about surprising, is you have to get it.
So what I'm talking about is to be able to work to people, to go to the kids of the street -- that you know the grandmother, the proud and the way to grow their own food -- open market market.
So what I want to do here, we have to do it sex.
I want you all to become electrical representatives, presents, particularly paradigms.
We have to change the collaboration of what's a press.
If you're not a light, you're not a piece.
What do you want to take your room out of it?
That is their electricity of electricity that is the electronics.
Instead, if you want to keep with me, well, if you want to see me, you don't call me if you want to sit in cells and you've got to be able to talk to you to talk about doing some mission, to talk about doing some memory.
If you want to see it, they come to go up with his screen so that we can play something.
Penture. Thank you.
Thank you.
(Most market.   probably all of them will be able to do with me in which this is a very nice card.
It's made of advance, and the approach is a good material to continue, but not always -- especially not in days like today, which is a lot of thing.
You can have a huge amount of water in the article that I was going on.
And especially if you go up in your biology, and these authors are going on, that's not very fast.
In addition to it, it can make a lot of rich.
It's a robot material and if we build careers, as in the Berties, very close to the cities, we wanted a security career.
So the solution for that is to make a little bit of body career.
And the positive photograph, a material that we use now in most of the colleagues of the World Country, has particles and water can go through it, so the whole water of the land is going to go down to the side and have a letter that it's easy to be able to be able to continue, and not save water never more.
The noise will also be able to be able to be able to be able to go up in these parts.
Because it is very blind -- all of the block will go up, so it is a very simple career.
It also has surgeries, of course, and the discovery of this key is that you can get out.
What are you going to be doing? You see that in this heart of the surface of the surface are coming out.
First of all, then a lot more and more and more and more and more and so on, I don't do that.  But you can give them their own care, and they will not be happy with that.
And finally, this can also take more and more data.
Sometimes you can create batteries with that.
There it is.
Basically, of course, that you can become a problem, but we have a solution.
So here you can see what the day is in this material in this materials.
It is a positive approach, as I said, so it only has a little amount of advance between the paintings.
Because of the Internet, to the United States, to the application, this bank, the plant between the ones -- it will be putting up, and if you put it, you will be able to be able to be able to get out of the advantages.
So if you go through the card, you will take the advantages, as we saw it here.
In order to solve this problem, we think about authority materials at all.
If we can make this material supply, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is use it to be able to be able to be able to stand up, and we can bring it up the side line in very small terms, and we can measure those little bits with the bank.
And so we have a little bit with little terms of time in it.
And then you need a machine -- like what you see here, you use to be able to control, a math machine.
Insuaction can carry, especially the artist, it's very good at that.
And so what you have to do is to take the airplane, you will get the bank, the beauty will flow for these microbes and the legs will be going back to the surface.
Today, I used a microbes of microbes -- because I can't bring the great computer machine here at the stage.
And the military government is a similar system.
I put the shows -- I'm going to take you to see what happened.
This is the show that comes out now.
I said that we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to figure out how to figure out about it.
We put a lot of teachers there and then the government, they really saw our results and they said, "Well, that's very interesting. We have to understand it.
So they gave us a piece of rock, 400 meters of the Alexander authority, where we had to make a test of trial to test this material to be able to test this materials.
So that was what we did there. You see where we were doing the test in care, and then, of course, this care for a number of years without any day. That's what we know about the practice of it.
We took a lot of shows of this card and we test them in the lab.
We made the shows, we put a lot of carbon in them, we are going to take them up to our computer machine and take them back and get them back to it.
We can remember this many times.
Well, I can tell you that we've made a material using a material using these fields, by using these fields, using the energy energy in reality, and actually increase the life of the surface of the car, even they can play the life of the surface of the surface -- it's actually going to save a lot of money with very simple.
And now, of course, they have care of if this also works.
We still have the show here. It's pretty careful.
In fact, you have to find first before I can show you how it is to be acceptable.
But I'm going to make an attempt to you.
Let's see it. Yes, it works.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember a morning with the sound of the ball in my house.
My father was listening to the New York at the little black radio.
I had a great secret in his face that was an unusual in those time, because the news is actually defining it.
"The sands were were started, I brought my father out.
I didn't know what it was, but I could see that my father was very, very happy.
Now you can go to a green school, he said.
A morning I will never forget it.
A real school.
You see, I was six years old, when the sands were used from Afghanistan.
And for the next five years, I saw me like a child to take my older sister -- I could already be used to be used to go to a secret school.
It was the only way that the two of us could be able to get them.
Every day, we had a different relationship so that no one could solve where we were going on.
We had to take the books in the market of the market so that it looks like we went from bought them.
The school was in a house, more than 100 percent of us in a small room.
It was a great thing in the invention -- but it was extremely calculated in summer at all.
We all knew that we were going to take our lives, the professional, the students and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents, and our parents and our parents, and our parents and our parents, and our parents and
And in the time, the school came up with a week, because the sandscapes survived.
We always asked us what they knew from us.
Are they following us?
Did you know where we live.
We were an artist, but yet, the school was where we wanted to be.
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was learned and the kids a term.
My grandmother was an extraordinary man for your time.
And a total strategy of an an architecture of an Archip research in Afghanistan -- my mother, my mother, went to school, and that's why his father did it.
But my mother is going to be a market.
This is it.
It will become two years ago, just to become our home in school for girls and women of our visit.
And my father is, it was the first of all his family in getting education.
There was no fact that their kids had to get education, even their children, despite the storms, despite the risks of the risks to get out of the risks to get out of them.
For him, there was a larger risk to not explain their children.
For the years of the names, I remember that there were moments that I was very fascinated by our life and was always surrounded and I didn't see a future.
I wanted to read -- but my father said, "My father -- you can lose everything you have in life.
You can break your money. You can keep your home for a war.
But there is one thing that will always be to say, what's here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we will do it.
So do you want not to continue?
I have 24 years today.
I grew up in a country that has been developed by war.
less than six percent of the women of my age have more than the ball, and if my family had not been so excited with my education, I would be one of them.
In change, I found me here to be proud in Michael College in Minister.
When I came back to Afghanistan -- my grandmother, the one that was taken out of his home for the speed of exploring their children, it was one of the first one of the first one of them.
He is not just based out of my college track, but also that I was the first woman, and I'm the first woman, which I took it up by the streets of Kangas.
My family believe in me.
I dream in big, but my family has even bigger dream for me.
That's why I am the global goal of the mountain, a global campaign to get the women.
This is why I World Steve, the first and perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan -- a country where it's still risk for the girls going to school.
The exciting thing is that I see students in my school with the strong desire of taking the opportunity.
And I see their parents and their families that, like the more, they go up for them, and it will still go to a destination of a destination of a destiny.
Like Alex. It's not his real name -- and I can't show you his face but Alexander is the father of one of my students in my students.
less than a month ago, he and his daughter was a way from the surface to his village -- and literally they were able to be killed by a blood on the way, for minutes.
When you get to his house, they are the phone -- a voice I asked that if I was looking at his daughter to school, they would go back to it.
"Let me say, if you want to, he said, "But I'm not going to give you the future of my daughter for your old and recently ideas ideas?
What I've been given from Afghanistan -- and it's something that is very close in the West -- is that behind most of those of those of you who were training, there is a father who received the value of his daughter and that you see that the success of her its own success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers have not been key in our success.
In fact, they actually are the first interesting institutions of the future future of their children, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Based on the short, the girls who went to school is in hundreds -- remember, it was important.
But today, over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in the U.S.
I find the Americans look at the failure of change.
I know these changes are not a lot after the research of the U.S.
But when I go back to Afghanistan when I see the students in my school and their parents who go up for them -- that the animals, I see a professional future.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and positive possibilities, and every day.
And as I me, they are going to be in a big one.
Thank you.
I never forget the words of my grandmother that died in the example, "Dancing, restored to Galapago.
But you never get a blue revolution of Garden.
They have spent almost two years since the free revolution is inspired by the magnetic molecules that are so much of the food revolution as the Earth.
A force with a lot of other free citizens inside and outside of the country to call one day and start a revolution against the Richard record of Galapago.
And we did it -- it was a great revolution.
women and men and young men were in the vaccine, including each of the region, by making paintings of freedom -- distributed and social surface.
They have shown you a little bit to be able to figure out the definition of Galapago.
They have shown a great sense of soldiers from the Egyptian Earth, to the surface, to the South Arab.
And finally, after a six months of six months of the blue war and a half of about 50 deaths -- we have to deal with our country and get to the train.
However, Garden left a card degree, a street legal and self-concerned service.
For four decades -- the Rouge record of Galapago developed the information, culture and the moral structure of free society.
Consequence in the destruction and the challenges -- I've been like, along a lot of other women, to bring up the civil civil society, including a term even and right to democracy and the national relationship of the national relationship.
They took up about 200 organizations in Ben during Britain, and immediately after the Galapagos -- about 300 in Transportation.
After a piece of 30 years old, I went back to London and with a unique environment, and I started able to hear words on the developing development of career, and the leadership of light.
With an incredible group of women we found the Pole of women -- a movement of women -- a model of women -- leaders of women -- in order to get out of the political car of the woman and for our right of electrical participation in the building of democracy.
I found me with a very difficult environment in the pressure period -- an environment that was more and more policy, which is a model of the political politicians and explorer.
With time, our instrument was surgeries and surprise.
The women won a 15 percent of the national Congress in the first electricity in the first 24 years.
However, a little bit -- the energy of electricity and revolution as a all, they were depressingly, all the day we found news news.
One day we have a day with the news of the food of the old minds and surfaces of surgery.
Another day I took up with the news of the United States of the Americans and the authority of the contrast.
The other day we get up with the news of the operation of the airplane of the airplane.
And every day, every day we get up with the government government and their collective rights of human rights and their lack of the law.
Our society, form by a relationship meaning, and it has gone away from the ideal and the principles of freedom -- distance, social users, that we had at the beginning.
The interview, exploration and the contract became the knowledge of the consequences of the revolution.
I'm not here today to give you to our story of the success of the surgery of the surgeon of the complete company, and the choice.
And I am here today to consider that we are here to trust us that we know, as a nation, we take the wrong decision to us.
We don't make well well.
Because the electricity didn't bring the peace and the security and the security to Liberia.
The list and the argument between cards and cards brought peace and collective relationship.
No, they didn't do it.
What happened right?
Why do our society follow policy and discovered with political politicians and explorer, so much for men like women like this?
Maybe what it was not just the women, but the fashion values of compassion and engineering and including it.
Our society needs the national day, and the process of understanding more than what I needed to do is that they only remember the policy and the diversity of it.
Our nation needs the collaborative relationship of the most than need to need the national and the contraction of it.
We need to stop able to act as a degree of invention and call it to go.
We need to start able to act as an architecture of compassion and medical consequences.
We have to develop a female device that not only honest, but also put it in practice instead of the metaphor instead of consumer, the collaboration instead of compassion, even instead of exploration.
These are the leaders that a Liberia, destroyed by the war -- you need to do with the end of taking the peace to the power.
Because the peace has a machine that comes out of the intelligence and the alternative between factor and molecules.
That is the real creature.
We need to take that in a successful way before we do it in a social way.
I remember with a version of the Congo "Search, "The word of the Microsoft God, "I said, "Control, compassion?
At the time, the word "great, which is known in all of the all the broad treatments -- it has the same reason that the word "show, self-responsible and material -- that open all of the humanity that men and women, that all of the transportations and all the people have taken up.
And so, just like the trial is completely constructed in the environment, which grew up in the discussion of natural compassion all of the exist.
This is what it tells us, "My memory opened all things.
This is what it tells us, "My mission present on my grandmother."
So all of you are able to put out of the memory of medical.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about a fundamental question, which has a very interesting answer.
This is about the secret violence and the question I'm going to figure out is that they all do always -- why is she staying?
Why was someone going to stay with a man who gives him down?
I'm not particularly, no social work, and I don't experience in the distributed violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell you.
I had 24 years old. I just read it in the University of Harvard.
I had moved to New York at my first work as a written and employees in the September Service.
I was my first state, my first green track Artisty Artisty, and I had a very big secret secret.
My secret was that many, many times, the man -- that I created my heart size, I was sent to the head with a particular, called it with a piece of piece of point on the back.
The man, when I love more than no one in this world, I put a storm in my head and started to kill more times than I can remember it.
And I'm here to tell you the story of "Lost love, a political transportation, a political transportation, where they get every year millions of women, and even some men.
It could be their story.
I don't look like a superconductive girl of the human violence.
I am limited in English University and I have a MRI in Mars British British Sander.
I've spent most of my career working for companies of the list of the Liberia "Four, between them John John Johnson and The War Park and The War Park.
I took almost 20 years home with my second, and we have three children.
My dog is a black board and I put a King Home Hello.
So my first message for you is that the average violence can happen to anyone -- all of the relationships -- all of the religious levels and education.
It's all around us.
And my second message is that all of you think the average violence happens to women, which is a problem of women.
Not exactly not exactly not exactly not.
More than 25 percent of the marriages are men -- and the distribution only happens in terms of it, and it is just a lot of long relationship, and he said in the other way, in the family, the last place where we want or we would expect to find violence -- motivations because of which the analysis is so definition.
And I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world who would be with a man who would give him, and in fact, I was a very typical version because of my age.
It was 24 years old, and in the United States -- the women in the United States and 25 years of age have three times more possible to be the developing violence than the other age, and more than 500 women and girls of that age are killed every year for parts and neighborhoods in the United States.
And I was also a typical version because I didn't know anything about the distributed violence -- their secret signals or their patterns of airplane.
I met known in a cold and a care night at all.
I was sitting to my side in New York City and started to deal with me.
He told me two things.
The first one was that he was also going to be able to read from a University of the Library Line and I worked in a very important boat from World States.
But what I was interested in that first finding was that it was ready and fun and it looks like a field of the field.
And I had a few big magnets like beats, and a complete robot street, and it seemed so small.
One of the most smart things that I did -- from the beginning, it was to create the impact that I was the discovery of the wall.
He did it on the beginning of the beginning by putting in a piece.
And we started coming out and he loved all of me, which was ready -- that I had gone to Harvard, which I was able to help young girls and my work.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my fragment, my dream and immune.
You know, you know, you know, as a written and as a woman, as no one had ever done it never before.
And it was why the list in that school screen and the work in Washington, and his future future had so much important for him.
I didn't know that the first face in any human violence is going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to make the
And I didn't know that the second step is to see it.
Now the last thing I wanted to do was go from New York and leave the work of my dreams and I thought I had to do sharks for your country, so I went down, I left my job and I know and I went together from Mars.
I had no idea that I was playing in a love love, who was trying to head in a physical transport, financial and particular participations carefully.
The next step in the data pattern is to increase the violence of violence to see how it comes to it.
And here is where they go into the stage of those storms.
In the way we moved to New York already you know, that place where you know I had to feel so sure that I had to be so sure that I had to buy three particles.
One one was in the car of the car.
Another one of it was used under the stage in our face and the third always in his back.
And he said that I needed those particles to cause the transition that I lived from a little bit.
I needed them to feel safe for it.
But those particles actually were a message for me, and even though I had never taken my hand up -- my life was already in dangerous service, every single day.
The first physical artist of knowledge happened five days before our ball.
They were the seven in the morning and I still had the catastrophe.
Five days later, when the 10 hours of my skin had been despite, I put my mother from my mother and my mother with him.
So despite what had happened -- I was sure that we would live happy for always -- because I love him and he also wanted me to do it.
And I was very, very remote.
It just had a very nice sense of the ball and the fact of making a family with me.
He had been an anti-program activity, and I never would make me a day.
I spent two times more at the top of our mile.
The first time I was driving up to a secret short and I asked me, and he gave me so strong in the head that I remember several times against the car.
And then, a couple of days later, by coming back from our top of it, he went up by the traffic and I would give you a Big map to the face.
And you know, you know, I was following one or two times a week for the next two and a half years of our market.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One of three American women is visible violence.
So actually, I had very good company.
And I'm going back to my question: Why do I get it?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know he was looking at me.
At the control, I was a very strong woman who was a very strong man, and it was the only person in the world who could help you know how to find their destructions.
The other question that all the world does is, why don't you get it?
Why don't I get me? I could have been at any time.
So for me, this is the most sad question and demonstration that people do people, because we know, we know something that you normally know, it's incredibly dangerous to go to a market.
Because the last step in the particular violence is kill it.
More than 70 percent of the advantages in the middle of food violence happens after the vision has put the relationship to the relationship after marriage, because then the car has nothing to lose it.
Other researchers include the personal access -- even after the car has come back to home, discovery of financial resources and many of the family system of the family of family and their children, which are usually obsessed by the people to spend time not survival with the man who was published to his mother.
And yet we keep asking why you just don't right?
I was able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to come up with my nature.
And I realized that the man who loved so much, would be killed if you would have it.
And so I break the situation.
I told it all the world, to the police -- my friends, my friends and families -- and I'm here today, and I'm here today because you all help me.
We have the tend to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to start analysis
The question, "Why are you going on?
For some people is a way to say "The card is their forest, as if the values we are going to be able to get away from men who want to show them.
But since I put "The "Look at "Life, I have heard about the stories of men and women who are also able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get their life lives and happy lives as a company and mothers, and mothers -- all of
Because it turns out that I actually am a vision and a very typical violence.
I was going to walk up with a black man and we have those three children.
I have that black lab, and also that minister.
What I'm not going to go back to have even more, but it is a little ball painting to my head in hands of someone who says I want.
In this moment, they are thinking, "Hey, that's fascinating?
And I'm sure that there are a few people who are listening to me right now, who are being started or they were a little bit of little or that they are assistant themselves.
The male could be attention to his daughter -- his sister to his best friend right now.
I was able to put the end of my own love love by getting the signal.
And I keep doing it today.
It's my way to help other viruses -- and it's my last piece to you.
They talk about what you've heard here.
The support is only in the situation.
They have the power to end up with the distributed violence just running light on it.
We need the violence all the world.
We need every one of you to understand the secret of human violence.
They went out the market to the light talking about it with their children, their friends, their friends and family.
They remember their vision of the surface as a fantastic and foreign people, who have a perfect future.
They recognize the seven times of violence in order to be able to be able to turn up their ability and show them a safe salary.
And we can turn us into our fields, our months and our families in the safe and patients that should be.
Thank you.
Hollywood. I call me Rosse, and from a time, I'm a model.
To be products, since 10 years ago.
And I feel that in this moment there is a high technique in the room because I should not have seen it like that.  Of course, I've been able to change.
This is the first change in a TED stage, so you have a lot of dream to make it, I think.
If some of the women have been hurt when I came up, you don't have to describe right now, but I will find it later in Twitter.
I also want to see that I have the privilege of power to change what you think of me in just 10 seconds, just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
And these guys are very important, less bad than I don't have to use them.
The worst part is going to go up with this surface for your head, because it's when you're going to go out of me, so they don't do anything as I put my head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been present.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
The space is powerful but as well.
I've changed what they thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a neighborhood in real life.
I was totally intense and the picture told me that I would go up the spider and take it out of the child.
Of course, I used to live or an artificial breakthrough as the one that made me two days ago for the work, there are very little that we can do to transform our aspects -- which even though surprised and industrialized, has a great impact in our lives.
So today, for me, it's going to be valuable to be honest.
I'm in this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a blue and white woman, and in my local sector -- that's going to be a sex girl to be a sex.
I'm going to answer the questions that people always do, but in the way.
The first question is, how are you going to be model?
And I always say, a card came down, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I made me model is because they get the genetic line, and I'm the benefit of a heart, and maybe they're asking you what this thing is.
Well, in the last century we have not only define the beauty as health and supply, which we are biologically protected to add -- we also have taken it up to a high air and barrier forest, to the factory and a white side.
And that's my heart, I mean, I have been able to be able to be able to make a little money.
And I know that there are people in the audience who now shows specialized, and maybe there are some millions of the man who say, "How are you National, Shanghai, Johnson Samantha, London Wars.
First of all, the happiness to know so much of models -- it's amazing.
But I finally have to show you that in 2009, a study of the University of New York City and every single one of the models in the room, and from the 1960s, just 22, is to say, less than four percent -- they were not white enough.
The next question that people always do is, could you be model when it's greater?
And my first answer is, I don't know, I don't know about that.
But then, what I would really tell each of these girls is: Why? You can be what you want.
You can be part of the United States, or the Internet of the next Internet -- or the next one in the next one, which would be important, because they would be the first one.
If you after this special list -- still installating, no, no, I want to be model -- then I tell you, I know my flower.
Because I am not at all.
I would say that most of you want to be model is how to say you want to win the light when you are larger as you are.
It's out of your control, it's amazing -- and it's not a work that you can choose to.
I'm going to show you all that I learned in 10 years as a model -- because of the clinical surgery.
I don't know what happened there.
It once has just had your students, and you have a curve and a few of you have a culture and a few of them in your spirits, no matter what you say -- if you said you want to be present from the United States, but your current came out of the United States for 10 years, people would look at you.
The next question that people are always doing is if all of the pictures are recorded.
And yes, they basically get up all the picture, but that's just a little part of what happens.
This was the first picture that they took me, and also the first time I was used to use a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit and I didn't even have my person.
I know we're coming into the personal Earth, but it was a child.
So I put up to my grandmother a few months before.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
So here I am in a pill for a few days before the pictures for the French Green.
So here I am with my foreign team and in the Video.
And this is me.
And I hope you realize that I am not me in those pictures of it.
They are created from a group of professionals, missions, magnets, magnets, photographs and statistics, and all of their help and people and presentation, and they can create this. That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always do is, you get great things.
I have too many of them about 20 percent and that I never use -- except the way to go down, but the private that I get in the real life, and that we don't like to talk about.
I grew up in California, and once I went to a store and I was able to take money, and they gave me the free view.
When I was a little bit, I travel with my friend who was a short ship, and it was a search in red and of course, of course, and it was a little bit of it, and it's a little bit of a point to be able to continue to continue to be able to continue to be able to continue to keep it.
And I find these privates for my aspect -- not for what I am, and there are people who are paying a price for their aspect without matter who they are.
I live in New York, and the last year from the 1960s, the 1960s that are going to give them a few of them and records, 1960 were black and many of them were young men.
And there are only 1850, young young young people in New York, so for them, not a question of me?
But how many times are you going to get me?
By the way that I was going to do this talk to you about this talk to me that at 14 percent of the girls in the United States in the United States don't like their body, and that care is going to the 18 percent to the 11 to the 11 percent.
So the last question that people do is, how is the life of a model?
And I think that the answer you expect is, if you're a little bit harder and you have the most brilliant skin -- you feel very happy and surprise.
And behind the cameras -- we give a answer that maybe like this.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel and also amazing to work with creative people and construction and engineering.
And all of that is true, but it's just a part of what happens -- because what we never say in front of the cameras -- what I have never told you about them -- it is, I am amazing.
And I'm because I have to worry about my aspect every day.
And if you ever ask -- with a few small legs and the most brilliant card, it will be more happy.
They just have to go to a group of models because they have the most distributed legs -- the most brilliant and the most brilliant thing to the mother, but they probably are the most powerful women on the planet.
But about all of it was hard to take a relative situation of the religious and the gas when I am one of the biggest benefits of it.
If there is something that will get out of this talk, I hope you all feel more likely to recognize the power of the picture that we have from the success and the failure.
Thank you.
The picture has been my passion since it was enough enough to support a camera -- but today I want to share with you my 15 more private pictures and I didn't know that I was going on.
There were no artists -- no artists, no opportunity to remember the pictures -- not even a morning in the engine.
In fact, most of them would take them up to the shoe.
My story started in the city of New York City to give a power, my wife came up with this picture to me in the day of his first computers. That's the size of the 57 and five percent.
I gave the ability that we went back to New York right next year, so we decided to take the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what comes right now.
When the third of my son, my wife said to me, why don't you take you to New York at a New York City and you put the right?
So here is when we started to ask the ants that were going to take us out of the picture.
It is amazing that the concept of getting the camera to a construction is so universal to be as universal as a consumer.
No one has ever noticed and, unfortunately, no one has ever heard with the camera.
So we were not aware of how much it will change this journey to us.
It became something wrong for us.
This picture is about a few weeks after the 11 and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day that a five years ago I could understand it.
These pictures are a lot more than a little bit more than a short moment or a specific journey.
They are also a way to stop the time in a week of objective and we will be able to deal with our time and our evolution on the years, and not only to physical level, but in all the sense.
Because even though we always take the same picture of the same picture -- my daughter changed new hours, and I can see the life through their eyes and how you put it up with everything.
That time in contact that we spend together is something that we hope with improvement all the year.
Really, in one of the short, we were walking up, when you suddenly went up in secret and signals a red line of the motor track that I was able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
And I discovered what I was sitting in the five years in that same place.
I found that I remember his heart to be able to see that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what you look at in New York are college -- because it's decided to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things that we believe is the remind them.
So I want to share the idea of making the idea of construction in the brain of remember records.
I don't know about these 15 pictures -- I don't go out in many of the family pictures of the family.
I am always the one that goes up the picture.
What I want to do today is to introduce you to all of us in the picture, and they are not going to go to someone and ask them to ask us a picture?
Thank you.
I'd like to talk about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
The bacteria are found in the top of the most advanced birds in the brother.
First of all, why do they have so bad probably?
It also has been associated with Design reports as minds as mindsets -- started stations.
More recently, if you've been following the search started and angry and antibiotics -- these are the anti-pathogens that go up with the high park -- but I don't know.
I don't know. You know why.
Because the members of the Park don't keep the environment --   the participants don't help us prevent the protection of disease.
They are disappeared.   They're far away from exploring.  And my favorite -- the bacteria have better pressure.   There are two kinds of bacteria on this planet.
There are the bacteria of the New world that they find in the United States, as the climates and the careers, and the banks of the old world, where we have 16 species of these 16 species -- 11 percent of them to get a high risk of extraordinary.
So why do the bacteria are important -- first of all, they have a little bit of vision services -- Library.
They are our natural records.
They take them up to the house.
They help kill all the bacteria -- they help support the tons that are not going to be for them -- and it would cause great loss of care and disease in other animals.
recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no bad, the cars take three to four times more time in developing, and this has huge rational in the protection of disease.
The bacteria also have huge story.
They've been associated to the American cultural culture.
He was the size of the production and the material and the material -- and together with the control, they have the unit between the Allan and the Earth Earth.
In the military mile, James was the black God, and he took his life to save the Gill Singapore of the 19th century, Rose.
In the nerve culture -- they have a very important thing to be able to be able to be able to go down in places -- in places like Texas, there is no place to try to try the dead to the dead -- so that these babies are going to be a natural science system.
What is the problem with the bad balls?
We have eight species of bacteria in Kenya.
The reason is that they are invited, and the reason that they're being invented is because there are consumers between humans and factory. The particular communities use this came against the destructions, and as a result, the bacteria are violent of this.
In the South Asia, in countries like India and Parkinson, four species like India and Parkinson, four species of bacteria are in the critical list of explosion, which means that in less than 10 or 15 years are going to be excited, and the reason is because they make a piece of contraction that has been treated with an ancient drug like Declon.
This drug has been ready to be presented in India in India and have taken a part.
Because there is not a bank, there has been a protection in the number of dogs in the board of cards, and when you have a block dogs -- you have a huge amount of time for robotics. The number of carbon cases has gone up in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the biggest events in Africa in Africa.
I'm not against the energy energy, but we have to work with governments -- because the effects are doing this to the birds -- they put them for half of them.
They are terrible transportations.
In the Western Africa, there is a horrible company of dead dead to go to the edge and the market market.
So what are you doing do? Well, we're involved to these birds -- we're putting them transparent.
We're trying to determine their basic economy, and see where they go.
We can see that they travel for different countries, so they will find in a completely isn't going to come from anything.
We have to work with governments in the real level.
We're working with local communities.
We are talking to them about learning the bad, about the need to learn these wonderful creatures and the services that they do.
How can you help. It can be actually going to be actively driven. You can write a letter to their government and tell them we have to focus on these very smart creatures -- Darwin his time to make the word for the word for it.
When you get out of this room, you will get them into the bad, but they talk to their family, with their children, with their kids on the bad.
They are very choose -- Charles David said that he changed the option because I saw them will fly without an effort -- no energy in the sky.
Kid, this world will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing that I do and everything that I do is, my life, has been moving for seven years of work during me in Africa.
It was from 11 to 2011, and I'm not doing it --   I worked in Mars, Kenya, Carolina Mars, Andrew and Sushic.
I worked for a Indian NGOs, and every project that we used in Africa.
And I was professional.
And I thought, at the age of 2010, that the increases were good people, and we were doing a good work in Africa.
In place of that, everything we have to do is we have the wealth of it.
Our first project, the one that inspired my first book, "The Bang, it was a project where we decided to teach people from Mars to grow food.
And so we got up with surgery services at the South Land to this value of Mars to this value that goes down to the Bang Root, and we teach the local collaborations and cards, and and shelter, and and and shelters, and and and shelters, and and and shelters, and and and shelters, and and and shelters, and and and shelters, and and and shelters, and and and shelters,
Of course, people were not at all.
However, instead of asking you how it was possible that it was possible that they don't grow anything -- we just said, thanks to God that we're here --  "I'm just at time to save people in the many of the hands."
And of course, everything in Africa was a lot of beautiful.
And we got these molecular magnets. In Island, a talk growing up to this size -- in Mars, to this size to this.
And we couldn't believe it, we were telling them to the same same, "Look what easy is the artist."
When the terms were butters, markets and red -- at night to the morning at the morning -- about 200 hours came from the river and they made all of it.  And we said to them -- my mine, "God, the hospitals.
And the ones they said, "Yes, that's why we don't have a failure here.  "Why didn't you say, "You never asked it?
And I thought that only we had the increases in Africa, but then I saw what the Americans did -- what the Americans were doing -- what they did is, what they did is, what they were doing is, and after seeing what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in Mars.
Because as you see, at least we feed the hospitals.
You should see the descriptions,  -- you should see the drugs that we put them to the people in Africa.
You want to read a book, I read "Dish Mars, from David March, even all even enough.
The book was published in 2009, at the time.
We are, we have the Western contractions, we have gone into the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you about the day that the money has changed.
Just read his book.
So let me give you a part of a African woman that we have done.
Well, the Western is implications, missional microbes, and we treat people only in two ways, or we are particularly participating.
The two words come from the land rather policy, which means "The "said.
However, it means two different things.
Participation, I treat any of a different culture as if they were my children. I want a lot of them.
Participation, I try to all of a different culture as if they were my services.
So the white white in Africa are called "The "goodbye, free.
That book gave me a bank in the face -- "The little one is beautiful, written by San development, who said about all of the economic development -- if people don't want to be help -- seven alone.
This should be the first beginning of the help.
The first beginning of the help is to answer it.
This morning, the secret that I opened up this conference put up a lot in the ground and said, can you imagine a city that is not the neuroscience?
I decided to give people, and I just invented a system called the people, and I invented a system called a station called anything -- you -- you will never get a service of the local passion -- the speed of the local particles who have the dream to become a better person.
So what do you do? It goes on.
A community comes to a community with an idea, and it feels with the people of the local people.
We don't work from the office.
We put us into a career. We put it into a car.
So we have the infrastructure of it.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we find out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is the happen.
You can give you an idea.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what's going to do you?
The passion that she has for their own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that man has for their own personal growth is the most important thing.
And then we help them find knowledge because nobody in the world can be successful alone.
The person with the idea can not have the knowledge -- but knowledge is available to it.
So years and years ago, I had this idea -- why don't we get a place to get to a community to tell people what to do, why not, for one time, we heard them -- but not in the common areas.
I'm going to tell you a secret.
There is a problem with the common region.
The companies are never standing up, and they are going to say, in a public meeting -- what you want to do with their own money, what opportunity have gone in.
So the plan has this point.
At the most smart people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't go to their public region.
What do we do? We worked one to one, and we work to face -- you have to create a social infrastructure which doesn't exist.
You must create a new perspective.
The teacher is the doctor of the company of the company, the family of the business of the business -- which is started with you in his house, in the career, and that helps him find the resources to transform their passion in a way to make life.
I started this as a test in House, city in the West America.
I was doing a doctor in that time, trying to get out of this whole thing that we get to tell you what to do.
In a year, I had 24 projects in the back, and the government came to me to see to ask to ask, "How can you do that?
How can I do that? And I said, "I do something very, very hard.
I came up and heard them,    So the government says, "I'm going back again.  We have done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped to start 40 business.
There is a new generation of companies that are dying of sustainability.
Park December, one of the most large survival areas of history -- I went up to 99,000 years ago.
Paris December was professional teacher before you get back in the business, and this is what Dr. Park Delight, "The plant is actually incredibly excited with a society.
The plan is the rest of the death of the company of the super-engineering space.
And so now you are going to get Christmas without knowing what the most powerful people in Chris want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to get these people to come up with you.
You have to give them conservation, private that it has to be fantastic when you help them, and then they will be able to come in a mass in it.
In a community of 10,000 people, we got 200 cells.
Can you imagine a community of 400 people, intelligence and patient?
So what do you make you make more of this morning?
People who are constructed -- that's what you have been applied.
So what I tell you is that the specific space is where it is.
We are at the end of the first industry of the very very first industrial industrial research -- no reality, and at a moment to another, we have systems that are not surprise.
This is the Internet modern model is not surprising.
The face as a way of being supported is not surprising.
What we have to consider -- is how we need it, we come up, we explore, we explore, we communicate seven billion people, in a very powerful way.
There are no technologies to do it.
Who is going to invent technology for the right?
The government? We go out.
They're going to be the companies and they're doing it now.
There is a legal story that in a future research does many, many years ago.
There was a group of experts that were invited to describe the future of New York at the 1970s.
And in the year 1980, he took this group of people -- and they special what was going to happen to the city of New York at 100 years, and the connection was unique, the city of New York City would not be in 100 years.
Why? Because they went up and spread, if the population has been growing up to this rate -- to take the population of New York at the art, they would take six million gentlemen, and the surgeon produced for six million cars that would be impossible to take up.
They were already going to go into surgery.  So in 1850, they were doing this technology that would use the life of New York.
So what does it happen? In the next 40 years, in the United States in the United States had been able to be able to be able to start 1960, 1800.
And the idea of finding a different technology was absolutely used and there was very few -- statistics, factors in the particular places.
Delight, Michael.
However, there is a secret to work with empathy.
First of all, you have to give them consequence.
On the other way, you will not come to come with you.
And then you have to put them up an absolute thing, designed, self-concerned service.
And finally, you're going to have to tell you the truth with the way that it is going to show up.
The smaller company, the biggest company has to be able to do three things -- the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic -- you have to tell you with a fantastic constant, and you have to tell you with a very financial application of it.
You know what?
We have met a single human being in the world that can do, sell and look at the money.
There isn't exist.
This is still not born yet.
We have been involved and look at the 100 companies of the world Carolina, Burneas Earth, Earth, all the new companies -- Google, Green.
There is only one thing that all of the successful companies in the world have in common -- only one was made by one person.
And the word "the word me, but the word "show, 32 times.
He was not just when he began it.
No one starts a company just a whole company.
And so we can create the community where we have factories, who come from a little bit of little business sitting in careers, and you have to do that for you, what someone did for you -- what someone did for this ball who talk about this exciting, somebody who would ask you, what do you need.
What can you do? Can you do it?
Well, can you sell it? Can you look for the money.
"Oh, no, I can't do that?
We apply community.
Thank you.
Those of us who go together can help us from many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all of the vehicles -- that's why we don't have a lot of knowledge to try to share the same public space.
In the last few years, I've tried to share more with my voices in public space, with simple tools like supermarkets, plants and light.
So these projects were made of questions like, how much of my voices are painting for their approaches?
How can we pay and ask more things without called the door in a bad moment.
How do you share more remember of our buildings addressed and understand our path?
How do we share more of our hope in order to do that our communities can remember our needs and dreams?
I live in New York and I'm taken out of New Organ.
My husband always found all of the galaxies that give us the grandfathers that are going to be started to millions and short screens and seasons from signals and controlled in a city.
It always gives the music.  There is a decade in New York --   the city has one of the most beautiful artists in the world, but also one with the biggest amount of professional properties of the U.S.
I live close to this house and I thought how I could turn it into a higher space for the boat and also in something that changed my life for too.
In 2009, I lost someone who I loved a lot.
It was Johnny, as a mother for me.
His death was represented and interactive.
I thought a lot about death.
And this was a deep private for the time in the living time.
He gave it to the significant things of my current life.
But I used to keep this look at my living life.
It seems to be easy to be able to go through the day and forget the really important thing for one.
So with the old help and new friends brought up the wall of this house in a giant pain in a giant pill and he asked them to come up with it, "I want to die.
So the transitions could take a line, represent about their lives and share personal architects in public space.
I didn't know what I would expect from this experiment but the next day the wall was ready and it was continuing.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote in the wall.
"I want to die for a piece of personality.  "All of you will die I want to sit into the line of the chance of change.
"I want to die for millions of people.
"I want to die to you to play a tree?
"I want to die from the website.
"I want to die to you I want to do it one more time.
"I want to go to the research of somebody to go to the research.
"I want to die. I want to be completely myself.
This particular space was able to be built and the dream and hope of people were made to me, and they got up to me, and they gave me a little bit in a difficult moment.
It's about knowing that you are not alone. It's about understanding our voices in new ways and surgeons -- it's about giving the representation and construction, and to remember what is most important for us to grow and change.
This happened last year, and I started to get hundreds of mental people who wanted to make a place in their community.
And so with my colleagues of the civil center we did a kilogram and now have been done in countries around the world, like Kang, South Africa, South East and more there.
So we will show the power of our public space if you give us the opportunity to express and share it out.
Two of the most valuable things that we have is time and our relationships with other people.
In our age of demonstration, it's more important than I will never find the ways to get the perspective and remember that life is bad and decision.
The death is something that we often know to talk about, or even thinking about it, but I understand that we will turn out for death is one of those things that make us more power.
Think of the climate death our life.
Our shared spaces can remember what we care about as individuals and as a community and with more media to share hope -- fear and stories -- the people who surrounded us cannot only help us improve places, can help us improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Today, I have a single thing.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal me.
Now I would like to introduce you to my hands.
Roman has 24 years old, it's high and very big.
I don't talk about, but they bring it better than some of the best origins.
I know what the love is.
And they share it constantly what happens.
It doesn't look at it. I don't look at the color of the skin.
They don't care about the religious differences and look at this, it has never lost it.
When you talk about the cars of our infection, trying to make words that I couldn't even get up, I remember a thing -- I remember a thing -- the little thing we know about the mind and the wonderful thing that it must be the discovery.
San has 16 years old. It's a lot of grandfather. It's very grand.
It has the most important memory of it.
However, it is a very serious medicine.
I don't remember if I read my charge, but I remember the year that I came out every single single year that I came up every single one of my iPhone, connections that we knew when I was four years old, I would make my arm in my arm for the first stage of the Texas and the London Galaxy.
You don't look at it?
But most people are not at all.
And in fact, because their minds are not looking at the notion of the society of society, often they're implicating and increased.
But what I put up to my heart and I found my husband was that even if that was the case -- even though they were not going to consider them inside it, that could only mean one thing -- that they were extraordinary and extraordinary and extraordinary.
Now, for those less families with the term street, it is a brain structure that affect social communication -- learning and sometimes to the physical skills to the physics at the time.
And in every individual it is distributed in a different form of a different way to be so different to San.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, you have a new case of audience, and even though it's one of the development of the development that most of us in the world, there is no cause or consumers or consumers.
I don't care about my first focus with the audience, but I don't remember one day without him.
I had only three years when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited to have a new thing to be in my life.
When it was a few months ago, I realized he was different.
I was a lot of it.
I didn't want to play like the other babies and in fact, it doesn't seem very interested in me at all.
Ready living and I was able to put up in their own world, with their own rules -- and I found place in the smaller things, as you put the cars around the room around the room, look at the land and eat anything that would be between media.
As I grew up, it becomes more different -- and the differences were made to be more evident.
But beyond the benefits and fragile and intelligent home, there was something really unique -- a small natural nature and installation, a child who looked at the world without proteins, a human being that there was never mind.
Exception.
I can't notice that there have been a few difficult moments in my family, at the time I would have wish that they were just like me.
But I look back at the things that have taught me about individuals -- communication and love, and I realize that they are things that I didn't want to change by the natural.
The reason happens the beauty that give us the differences and the fact of being different doesn't mean that some is wrong.
It just means there's a different view of what's right.
If I could be able to transform a single thing to Robert and Mars and you, it would be that they don't have to be normal to me.
They can be extraordinary to be extraordinary.
Because authorities or not, the differences that we have, are a decade. Every one of us has a device in their interest and certainly the search of the nature is the last secret of the potential of the potential of the society.
And the opportunity for graph, the program and the change died in the moment that we try to be like the others.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal me.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit of what should have been Alex in the country of Mars.
People who were asked me to me, a team of communities -- that I gave a kind of communication to the engineering students of energy.
I was surgeries.  It was actually surprised from these students with their great minds -- their big books and their big books and their great words.
But when you develop those connections -- I felt what Alexander should have been sitting when I put on the head of the content and saw the door of a new world.
So I just felt when I had those conditions with the students with the students -- I was surprised by the ideas they have, and I wanted other people to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to open that door is a great community.
We need a huge communication of our scientists and engineers with the end of changing the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones who are taking our biggest challenges -- from energy to the environment and full of the health -- and if we don't know about this, the work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interesting.
But these great connections can't happen if our scientists and engineers are not invited to see their wonderful world.
And so scientists and innovations, by the way, you have a simple sign.
I want to share some of the things about how you can do it to make sure that you can see that their science is sex and their energy is attack.
The first question to answer -- and then what?
Let me tell you why science is relationship for us.
You don't tell us just that they study the currents, but they study the currents, which are the mass structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat the operations.
And when they are describe their science, it takes up with the bank.
The gap is an object for our understanding of their ideas.
Second, you can say space and telephone, but why don't you say space and time, which is much more access to us?
You can do it not the same thing that you do with them.
At the content, as England, which is all as simple as possible. But not simple.
You can communicate their science without eating the ideas.
Something to consider it is to use example, stories and animals. They are ways to reach and start with their content with it.
And when you put your work, they will come out of the size of the sand.
You have been asked why they call "generally?  What do the balls?
And one end like this is not just a low-term, but it's actually support too much in the area of our brain and open us.
In change -- this financial example of Google Brazil is much more effective -- it shows that the special structure of the words is so strong that it really inspired the only design of the only Earth Earth.
The treatment here is to use a simple fragment, leadership, that the public can understand if you lose a little bit, and in the way, to provide pictures that go up to our other sense and create a more profound sense of understanding what they describe about.
I think these are just a few kinds that you can help us help the door and look at the country of the wonderful country that is science and energy.
And so, scientists and energy, when they have solution this experience, all the media -- bear with simple.  Thank you.
One of my favorite words of all of the December of the English English is "completely."
It just sounds very well.
And "I can say, "We can mean, "Please meant "power."
Even though there was a professional power of the 20th century that the definition is a lot better when he said, "Well, "The "Second is what you look for a public car without matter or professional or principle, and that when I won it, you get it for the way I use a moral recent record.
I have no idea what it means "I can mean?
Something that you can see with words, I know.
It's very important that words are the basis in politics, and that all of the politics know they have to try to make the language.
It was not until -- for example, 1975, that the British President allows the words to find the words that they were told in the particular camera.
And all of this was thanks to the speed of a guy with the name of Bill Creating -- who came into the Park.
They got up in the Earth of London and they got it, but he had the enough enough to face them to them, and at the end of the end, I had a political support in London that they do.
And just a few years later, we had the first use of the factor of the factory -- "This is a bit of the mountains like that.
Most of you think it's literature.
It's not. It's just by a definition of the freedom of exploration.
But in order to show you how words and politics interact -- I want you to go back to the United States, right after the intervention.
And so they had to take the question of how to call George Washington, his leaders.
They didn't know.
How do we call the leader of a controller country?
And this was built in the Congress for a long time.
They had all sorts of places that might have been free.
Some of you wanted to call it Johnson "The War of State, and others, "The George George War, and other Dishes of the U.S. Park College.
It's not very application.
Some of them just wanted to call it "The "go "right?
They thought that it was a quality of quality to it.
And not even with it they were morality, they had the idea that you could be able to be able to be choice by a decade of decline.
And I could have been service.
The whole world has gone up with it, because this debate was published for three week.
And he was the day of a healthy poor -- and I always write with this stage?
And what you put up the room and the way it was that the camera of Research was in the Seattle.
The California California didn't want us to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
They didn't want to call it Reader, if I put it to him or their own ideas.
So they wanted to give you the most models, more increasingly and more constructed than it happened.
And that line was President.
Professor. They didn't invent the trial.
It was like the price of a career.
And I didn't have much bigger than the term or supermarket.
There were a little bit of economic pressures of the small college and farmer forces of government, but it was really a concerned train.
And that's why the sense is obviously.
They said, "It's relative, we can't call it President.
This guy has to come up and go up with the stranger distributions.
And who will take it in a series with a series and a sense of the University of America."
And finally, after three weeks of destruction, the sound didn't happen.
We can learn three interesting things from all this.
First of all, and this is my favorite for where I've been able to figure out -- the sun has never been able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to figure out the train of President.
The British Bang Barrie has a kind of continue to keep there, waiting for the sound between action.
The second thing that we can learn is that when a government says that a media is team,  -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
But the third thing that we can learn -- and this is the most important thing that I want to leave you -- is that the New States of the United States doesn't sound at all that model today.
In all of us if you have more than 500 nuclear heads at all, the biggest economy of the world and a flow of the world and a stream of the blood areas and so on.
The reality and the story has gone down to the territory of great grandfather.
And so at the end they get the Seattle.
They got their research train.
And also the other worry of September, the self-constant species, well, it was a service for then.
But you know how many nations have now produced?
And all of them because they want to sound like the guy who has the 500 nuclear head, and so on.
So, at the end of the Singapore General and the camera of Research lost because no one is going to feel human when you tell them that they are now the U.S.
And I think that's the great lesson that we can learn -- and I would like to leave you.
The politics are trying to choose and use the words to give it a way and control the reality -- but actually, the reality of the words that they could change the reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 to a half feet in a mission of Golden in the Green.
The air is full of heat and public and it is hard to go up.
I feel the red bodies in the dark, but I can't see much more.
I mean, you see that they talk to you, but about all, that collaboration of molecular theoreticals and particles with private tools.
As the others -- I take a small light of high light in the head with this straight electricity, and I can just be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get the parts of that hole of a meters that made hundreds of feet in the Earth.
It was my hand and suddenly I remember a minute that I met days before, which I lost the control and I put it into the point in that game.
As I talk to you today, these men are in the deep of that hole running their lives up without pay and personally, and often die.
I went out of that hole and I went home, but they might never do it, because they are part of the supermarket.
In the last 27 years I was making natural culture in more than 70 countries in six countries and in 2009, I had the great honor of being the only experience in the Congo of the Paulo Palestine.
In all of the amazing people I met there I met there to be a fragment of French The Pacific, a NGOs that is going to be able to deal with modern space.
So we started talking about the supermarket and really, I began to learn about supermarkets, because I knew that there was in the world but not to the grandma.
When we ended up to me, I felt very bad -- I had been able to increase this asset of our days and I thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know it?
He made me a story of the stage, and you weeks later, I came to the Electric Legos to know the Deplomic Department and put it up my help.
And so I started my journey to modern self-constant.
It had already been in many of these places.
Some of them -- even I took them my second home.
But this time, I would look at the subject transportations.
A collaborative cell says that there are now over 24 million people in the world.
It's the twice of the amount of African Africa.
A hundred years ago, the cost of a factor was about three times the top of a U.S. work.
And the equivalent of the equivalent of 50,000 artists.
But today, you can get a lot of people who are going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be dealing with the 1960s of 1960s.
Unfortunately, the self-concern generation of more than 12 million dollars a year around the world.
Many of you have been addressed with a lot of good education and better work to find out that they are forced to work without paralyzed, under violence.
Today, the super-engineering spirit in the company, the people produced by spirits have value -- but that they produce them are supermarket.
The super-engineering is in almost all the world, and yet it's illegal around the world.
In India and Nigeria, I met the horrific horses.
And this strange thing was like to go into the ancient Egypt or the Design of David.
In a text of 54,000 Chinese, men -- men -- women in fact, in fact, families in a single side of pollution, they have a money in their head, and to 18 to a time, and they get them from the high hospitals that are to hundreds of feet.
Desperate by the monkey and the car work in success, doing this task over and over at 16 hours a day.
There was no pathways to eat -- not to be able to eat -- and the depression would be made to be a pretty interesting thing.
As soon as they were the heat and the public that my camera became too close to the fish and let me work.
Every 20 minutes I had to go to the car to deal with the team and make it work with the air and do it in order to reduce it, and sitting there, I thought, my camera gets a much better treatment than these people.
And I went back in the ants I wanted to get out and the advantage that I was at my side was very quickly to go to me and said, "Look, don't do it. Don't do it here.
And I made me very clearly that we can show emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me but for them.
I could not make it a direct help.
I couldn't give you money, anything.
I was not city of that country.
I could put them in a worse situation that they were already already in a worst situation that they were already in a worst situation.
I had to trust the San The Street and work inside the system for their lab and trust that they will get it.
At the way to me, I would expect to get home to feel my heart heart.
In the Homo, I found kids running up for miles for miles by terms of mountains that they wanted to do down.
Those great planets were more likely than the children who were taken and children are going to their head with the heads of the care made of parallel, collaborators and horrible.
It's hard to make something so a submit.
How can we influence it in something that was so interesting, but that solved?
Some of you don't even know that they are spiritual -- and they work 16 hours a day without pay -- because this has been this whole life.
They don't have anything to compare with it.
And when these individuals get up his freedom -- the spirits took up their home.
When you hear the word worker we often think of sex transportation, and because of this global conversation I was asked to be hard for me to work with security in this particular business.
In Washington, I took women who had been incredibly sexual specialists.
And they brought me for a few years that they were going to put up to this sort of surface surface, and they have a sensitive light.
It wasn't exactly a ball.
It was more good at the way.
Responsible, as you know in the office -- they are local for the factory pressure.
They have small skills -- productive, where the kids who are self-concerned with their girls and children -- some of them just seven years -- they are forced to go to the cells and to get them to buy more food.
And every single step is dark and superconduction, identify for a number of painted in the wall and he gave for a bit and a collaboration.
The workers often have sex surface to hands out of their own.
In the middle of the point, I remember there was a sense of a headline and in that way, and in that way, I can just imagine what it must be going to be started in that institution.
I just had a salary, the spaces for where it was.
And there was no landscape doors.
There was no great enough enough as to bring up.
Those people don't have success, and because we took a very difficult issue -- it's important to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to see the sexual traffic -- it happens to our around.
There are hundreds of people who are specific in architecture, in resources, in the middle service and the list can continue it.
In fact, the New York Times was involved that between 100 and 300 American kids are sold every year as sexual spectrum.
It happens to me, but we don't see it.
The text is another activity that we often recognize with the hands of the spirit work.
And I was living in an Indian village in which there were family families in the middle of the side.
This is a family.
The black hands of black are from the father -- the land of blue and red of their children.
They look at these big banks in these big bacteria and they get the sound in the liquid to the little bits, but the terrorist is terrible.
My interest told me their stories.
We don't have a little little little line?
We're still going to be able to get out of this house some day and go to another place where we really pay our job.
It turns out that there are more than 400 children in the Law Valley, the largest artificial law of the world.
When we came up, I went to get a quick view of it.
I saw what it seems to be a family family in a boat -- two major kids, some more young kids -- it has sense right?
Einstein.
The kids are self-interesting from their family families -- described and forced to work extraordinary banks in these babies in the ground, despite not to know anything.
This child has eight years old.
When our baby was going to be a short, it was the time that his little quote was surprised.
I was participated by the fear of the water.
The radio resources of the results on the law is often taken together and kids and children and fish, and they are based on the water to make the wars.
So many of them are done.
Since I remember, it's always been forced to work on the ground.
By the end of his love is not going to take up, and as all life has been treated with critical, it's growing to the most young people under their mountain.
I met these guys at the five of the morning, when they took the last networks -- but they had been working from the one.
In the open night and self-constant.
And it turns out that these networks are more than 400 miles when they are the fish of fish when they are.
I want to introduce you to King.
King was recognized in a virus of films.
I met it in a record in the research of the Rose Republicans of the supermarket.
King self-responsible the possible.
Who will come to be thanks to someone decided to make the difference in your life?
It was going on by a car in Green with the San School, a company advantage with his subject of the suddenly analyzed and constant of our car and the subject.
We asked us to put it on a way of land to the signal.
At the end of the way, I was invited to get out of the car, and I asked him to go out of the contract that goes out right now.
And then I came up with this sense of vision and said, "This is the way, this is the way.
And so we started looking at it, we took the restaurants that they put up the way and after walking close to a hour we found out that the way I was killed by the recent records, so I put the pictures of pictures about my head as we get into these water to the book.
After two hours of walk, the single way I ended up in a clear, and we had a mass of holes that I could be able to put in a former field and all of them were full of superconductive work.
A lot of women had children who were sent to their screens, and as you look at the grandmother, they were going to go in the window of marketing water.
The market is used in the extraordinary process.
These minutes are supported in a fish in another part of Google.
When they came out of the fish they were used in their own.
I remember I looked at his eyes stress, ready, because many of them had been under land for seven hours.
People have up to 90 feet and these people are going to be able to be able to be able to be transformed to another area in which they would make the press to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
First of all, the site seems to be full of strong men and services, but if we look at more close -- we can see it to work to others and also children.
All of them are violence of leaders, disease and violence.
In fact, it is very likely to be very likely to end up like this version of the surgeons and the market in a few years.
This is Mars.
And when you die his year, Martin is going to take the decade of the thing that it is going to be started in the minute.
When I met it, I had worked in the minutes at the age of 14 years and the skin of the legs that you see here is a product of an action in the me, so fear that doctors said that it should be a computer.
In addition to that, Martin has surgeries and no longer to that, it's forced to work night and day in that minute.
Even so, he happens to be ready and events with the help of local activities like French The Santa and is this kind of detail, from the face of a recent possibility -- what I was inspired with a lot of respect to me.
I want to break light on the super-engineering.
They knew their images would be seen by you around the world.
I wanted you to know that we are going to be able to give out of them and we will do all the possible thing to help change their lives.
I just believe that if we can see each other as human beings -- then it makes it very hard to take anti-productive assessments.
And these images are not from records. They are real people, real people, like you and like me, who will make the same rights -- and it means in their lives.
There is no day that I think I don't think about these so many beautiful people, sharing that I've had the great honor to know.
I hope that these images are depending out a force in who you see them, in people like you, and I hope that this force is going to get a fire and that that I put light up on the superconductor because without that light, the base of the surface can continue to live in the surfaces.
Thank you very much.
And I do a matter of application and there is a perfect problem for who it is, we are like the property consumers.
Nobody knows what we do.
So I'm trying to try to explain to you what I do.
The dance is one of the most human activity.
They give us the viruses of the ball and the cardiologists of climate -- that we are going to look more at it.
But the bank has a block of extraordinary treatment -- a high level of stream and probably a certain thing that you can have a genetic computer.
It was all the neuroscientists as the bad business of Park destroyed this extraordinary ability -- as I do it with my friend James Santa that, in his time, it was a little bit of balloon ball.
In the last few years, it has become a lot in the treatment of it.
However, there are seven million people in the world who are disease, and they have to deal with a incredibly exciting democracy, terrorism, and other systems of this disease -- so we need obvious tools to detect the disease before it is too late together.
We need to be able to measure the program in the modern way, and in fact, the only way we know if there is really a culture to be when we have an object and close to it.
But it's fascinated that for the Park and other strategies of the movement there are no biological markets, so they don't have the blood analysis and the best thing we have is a biomass of 20 minutes.
You have to go to a cell to do it. It's very, very expensive -- and that means that, outside the clinical trials are never done.
And what if the patients could do it in home.
So that would save a hard journey to the climate -- what if the patients could do the exploration themselves.
You don't need personal people.
By the way, it costs about 300 percent in the nuclear cell.
And so what I want to give you to do is do it as a conversation to understand it, you see, in a certain sense at least -- we're all seen like my friend James Santa.
So this is a video of the vision of the virus companies.
It shows somebody as much as you can talk to you -- we can imagine like balls of a value ball, because we have to cut all those visual organisms to produce sound and we all have the genes you need them. The Parkinson's for example.
And as the ball, it takes a extraordinary level of extraordinary environment.
We think about the time that leads to a child learning how to talk about.
From the sound of the sound we can solve the position of the version of the value -- and as they look at the participation to the extraordinary, as well.
In the top of the bottom you can see an example of a self-concerned example of the voice careers.
We see the same symptoms.
Very difficult temperature, democracy and relationship.
The device becomes more controlled and spinal after a car, and this is an example of the systems.
How do you buy these textbooks based on the voice with the special strategies of specialized specialized? Well, both of them are not invited.
And the neurological test is not invited. You both use the existing infrastructure of it.
It's not need to design a whole series of hospital to do it.
They are both problems. Okay, but also the terms of the voices are not specifically.
I mean, they can be advanced.
They do very quickly. They get about 30 seconds like a lot.
And they are a little bit like that, and we all know what happens.
When something gets a little bit like that, it comes to a massive scale.
These are a few amazing models to take up.
And we can reduce the political differences of the patients.
I would not be able to go to the climate for the room control.
And with the high headline -- we could get global data.
We could make a little bit of cost in the cost for clinical trials and for the first time, and for the first time, you have a general scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biologists of the disease before it is too long.
And so when you give the first step in that sense, we're looking at the Valley Virtual County.
And I went to Alexander and Parkinson's and Parkinson's and Latins, we want to get a lot of voices around the world to recognize enough data and start to address these objects, and begin to address these objects, and begin to address these objects, and begin to address these objects, and begin to address these objects, and begin to address these objects, and begin to address these objects and start
We have local lines for about 75 million people in the world.
All of them with or without Paris, you can call it down and let me go down for a piece of controls, and I would be able to tell you that we have already spent seven percent of the goal in only eight hours.
Thank you.     So Mary Richard, taking all of these shows out there, say, 10,000 people, you can say who is healthy and who is it?
What would you take out of these shows?
Mary Liberia, yeah, you know what happens is that during the call you have to invest if you have or not the disease.
MR: You see, some people can not happen. It may not get it.
But we're going to get a very large show in a very large data in different countries, and do it in different particles is important because we are looking at the contrast factors in looking for the real markets of disease.
DR: Do you have a 18 percent price in this moment at this?
MR: A lot more than that.
In fact, my student Stanford, I have to put it up a fantastic work and now has shown that it works in the network of mobile phone -- also what the project. Now we have about 90 percent pressure.
DR: New and new again. Well, it's a better.
MR: Of course.
YR: Thank you very much. Man Liberia, public Liberia.
MR: Thank you, I take me.
In front of the case of 2010, I made pictures in New York City.
We are private creatures -- grades.
We put us in the dark, in terms of surgeons, and by the way, we avoid the solar light.
We do the distributed models still even more disability, the perfect skin even more likely to do the impossible thing, possible and grow up in the present all of the time, but some of us are really artists with a lot of years of experience and a real reality for the images and photography.
The 11 percent of the Maltzy of 2011, I saw from my house, just like the rest of the world, the rest of the world.
A little bit of time later, an organization where it was value, there was the place in the place working as part of the answer.
I, together with hundreds of other values we knew that we couldn't be sitting in home, so I decided to use the group for three week.
The 13 percent of us came up to Europe.
This is a little piece of private films in the printer of almost 50 people, one of the first people who are made by the ocean.
The water level of water records more than 24 feet and more than three miles in top of three miles in it.
As you can imagine, the village was desperately.
And we were going to be able to be able to be able to be searching out of the cards and the shoes.
We looked at schools -- we put the side and we left the entire houses to be related and reported.
We took tons and tons of death fish -- or present from the local factory of local happiness.
We started and he loved us.
For weeks -- so much of the values as the vehicles found similar things.
They found pictures and pictures of pictures and cameras and Charles Anderson.
They all did the same thing.
You will get them to them and take them to different places of around them to take them.
It wasn't until then I realized that those pictures represent a huge part of the personal lost that people had survived.
As you go out of the room, and to save their lives, they had to be able to get absolutely everything they have.
At the end of my first week I started to help in a contract of the people.
He helped to clean the common babies -- the huge batteries based out.
This place turned out to be also the place of the village where the food center is going to be able to get the picture.
And there they got them up and I had the honor that that day will trust me in me to fight the pictures of it.
This was exciting and inspiration, and I had heard the expression to think beyond the hospitals, but it wasn't until I'm going to take myself up my arms that something happened.
When you look at the pictures -- I found some of you who had more than a hundred years ago, some of them were still in the lab of the lab, and I could not be able to think about how to take that mouse and get up to the road and I met hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that night I went in in Facebook connected with some of them, and the next morning the answer was so analyzing and positive -- I knew we had to try it.
So we started able to reduce the picture.
This was the first of all.
I was not too specifically, but where the water had done the face of the child I had to get a lot of pressure and decline.
On the other way, that girl would not have the aspect of it, and that would be as terrible as having the professional picture.
With the time of time, they came up with a little bit more pictures and they needed more records so that I was going back in Facebook and Lincoln and five days later about 80 people in 12 countries that have been able to help.
And at the age of two weeks I had 150 people who are going to get up.
In Japan, we moved to Rose, a village to the North School.
Once we used the week we used our school to be used in the text pictures that had been inspired, where people were going to take their pictures out.
And the time that they were trying to get up is a different story. It depends out to be a different story.
I could imagine an hour -- I could imagine week.
I could imagine months.
And this guy had to draw up in the hand by using how the areas of the areas whose color and the water had not developed it.
I took a long time.
And the water developed all of these favorite pictures in the water water, and it was based on backs, and so on.
We could not reduce the picture at less than I was limited, and I had been ready for his driver.
We had a little bit with it on the hand.
We put up with the water of a vision of the virus.
It's very easy to give you even more of the pictures that are no day.
As once once once once once said, the leader of my group is like making a teacher.
You can't get brains.
And the woman who brought us these pictures of these pictures in relationship to picture.
I had started to put them up and then she went up to realize that I was even more.
I also had destruction.
Without them, the images of his wife and their own face would not be able to replace, we could get the images in a single picture and make the whole picture.
When I remember their pictures to share some of their story with us.
A few colleagues in his wife found the pictures in a set of banks between the most far away from where it used to be his house, but their colleagues they recognize it.
The day of the care, his husband was the ability to close the banks to the ocean.
He had to go inside the water as the signals came in.
Their little kids -- not so small now, but their two children were in the collection, in different countries.
One of them was taken in the water.
He took a week to find all his family and know that all of them had survived.
And the day I got her pictures of his son at the same last 14 years.
For it, despite all of this, those pictures were the best challenge that I could do -- something that he could go back to look at it, something that I could remember from the past that I had not been killed by that day day when everything in his life changed or it was destroyed.
After six months in Japan 160 times in Japan had been used to there Harvard hundreds of them to help us fight more than 130 pictures -- the great majority -- -- the great majority of its gentlemen.
More than 500 values around the world helped us go back to 90 different pictures of completely responsible pictures and representative.
For this time, we really don't spend more than 1,000 in terms and materials -- most of them in terms of printers.
We take pictures right now.
A picture is a remember of someone or something -- one place, a relationship -- someone else.
These are supply of our remember and stories -- the last thing we were going to take to us but the first thing we would go back to look at us.
This is what I was going to do about this project -- to solve small pieces of humanity, to go back to somebody their connection with the past.
When a picture like this is going back to somebody -- I was supposed to be a huge difference in the life of the person who got it.
This project also made a great difference in the life of recognitions.
Some of them connected them with something bigger -- to get something bigger to something that is not being able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to.
So I would end up to end up with this electrical room -- I sent him the day that I went back from Japan after six months.
As I recognized, I couldn't be able to think about the people and the stories showed in the images in the images.
One particular -- a picture with women from different people from a little girl to the small girl to the small girl to the small girl -- I came up, because a similar picture of my family -- my mother, my mother, and my daughter is born in the wall of our wall.
In the entire world, in all the few of our basic needs are the same thing, right?
Thank you.  And Alexander.
And I decided to be able to be able to give us amazing and curious with this picture of a robot that takes a ball in an expression of just a million second.
But now, 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a billion dollars a second.
I put you a new kind of photograph -- the photographer, a new techniques that can create videos in the middle of light in movement.
And with that, we can create cameras that you can see after the risks -- beyond the line of vision -- or see the inside of the body without using X-ray rooms, and they really have the idea of camera.
If I take a piece of light and put it up and put it into a trillion of a second or it is, in several ways to create a picture of photographs of just a little piece of anthropologist.
And that piece of photographs -- that ball, travel to the speed of light, and again, a million times faster than a common robot.
If we take that robot and this piece of pictures and we put up in this bank, how do you get those pictures inside this ball?
What is the aspect of light in a light call."
Now, all of this --     You remember that all of this happens in less than a second is what it takes to travel the light.
But this video is 10 billion times a little bit like you can see the light in movement.
College did not look at this research --   I mean, you know, a lot of things in this film -- to give this information to show what's going on.
The public, our ball, in the beauty with a piece of pictures that start to take it out, and then it starts to deliver it.
And part of the light went up, go back to the table -- and we started looking at these straight.
Many of the pictures they finally get to the language and then they explore in several dollars.
As you can see, there is a air of air that comes up in the Internet.
In that time, the lives travel on the table and because of the restrictions of the surface you see in the bottom of the basis -- after several cars, that the restrictions are contributed.
Now, if we take a common blue and control and we do it to get the same distance and we see it in the camera and we see it in the camera about 10 billion times, how much do you think that would take us to see that film?
A day?
It would be a very short movie   -- in a ball in the movement.
And what do we do with natural nature.
You can see the landscapes that are going on from the table -- the start of the bottom and the wall of the world.
It's kind of like a pilot in a start.
It's the way that nature was asking a picture -- I thought, from a facility at the time, but of course, our eyes see an international behavior.
But if you look at one more time, you will realize that, as the light will be able to be able to be able to go out of the talk, it doesn't go down.
Why? Because the talk is material and the light in his inside and it goes back to the back of several billion dollars.
In the future, when this guy is in their mobile movies, they're going to be able to go to the surface and look at if the face is massive without having to touch it.
Why do we create this camera in MIT."
As a photographs, you know, if we take a picture of expert before, it's very little light.
But we're going to go a billion times faster than the most short experience that you can just go out of light.
We put that wrong, and we made that ball, millions of times, and we went back and over and over and over again with a very high sensory, we take those data of data and we were able to create the complexity that I showed you.
We can take all of those data in the grow and make them interesting in a way.
Sun can fly back.
Other ants can come back in.
And if a new power of a future future allows him to look at the rights?
The idea is that we could run some light on the door on the door -- will go to the room, a part of it is going to get back in the door and from the camera to the camera of it.
And where we could be able to explore those multiple red records.
It's not science. We've already built it.
On the left, it's our math.
In front of the wall there is a mountain and we're going to break the light on the door in the door in the door.
And then from the population of our article in National Constitution.
And a little bit of the pictures will go back to the camera but completely in a really different moment.
And as we have a camera that works like this, our material, it has unique capacity as well.
It has very good Times and you can look at the world to the speed of light.
So we know the distance up to the door and also to the dark objects but we don't know what I'm going to think about what it is to be designed.
When you can play a piece of picture that you can take a picture in the street, that you see in the screen -- it doesn't really have any sense.
But we will take a lot of images like this, tens of images and we are going to try to be able to add the multiple red risks of light, and with that, we can see the obvious object?
Can we see it in 3D.
This is our research.
We have things to explore before you go out of this lab, but in the future, we could create cars that are coming up with what's going to go back to the curve.
Or we could look for surgery in dangerous conditions by looking at the light recorded by the open spirals.
Or we could build these able to be able to look at the inside of the body, and the same thing for careers.
But of course, because of the tissue and the blood this is pretty difficult -- so this is a little bit difficult to the scientists so that they start to think about photographer as a new model of violence to solve the problems of images in the next generation of the next generation of it.
And as I did Space, he was a science, and he turned the science in art -- an art of phone pictures -- an art.
I realized that all of the data of data that we remember every time you are not just for scientific violence, but we can.
It will create a new form of computer photograph with collaborative camera and code collection.
And we look at those landscapes. They remember the time between each one of those landscapes is just a number of second.
But here is something fun.
If you look at the landscapes under the language, these are getting out of us.
They should move to us.
What happens here?
It turns out that as we are taking almost to the speed of light, we have strange effects -- I would have tried to see this picture.
The order in which the events in the world sometimes comes into the camera.
And I apply the scientific information of space and time, we can go to this direction.
It's already time. Thank you.
Hello. This is my mobile phone.
A cell can change life, and you give you individual freedom to you.
With a cell that you can photograph a crisis against humanity in Silicon.
With a cell you can take a message and start a program in Egypt.
With a cell you can take a song -- I would put it to society and get famous families.
All of this is possible with a molecule.
I'm a 1970s and living in the city of Benjamin.
Let's go back to that moment to this city.
So here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were provided in a change.
So this is the ocean of 1999, imagine if all of these people who are able to protect in a change, they had a cell in the ball.
Who of those people have a cell here?
And let me.
They take their mobile molecules, let me give you up.
Let's take it. A Bang, a Bang, a Bangalore."
It's a lot.
But today I'm going to talk about me, from my cell and how I changed my life.
I'm talking about this.
These are 35 lines of information.
data.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2009, the University of the United States, I put a distribution.
The District of data.
And this direction says that every single single single company in the Internet of the Internet of all of Europe, has to be able to make a high amount of information in the users.
Who is called who you have an impact to who an effort is going to be an impact to who an effort is going to be an impact to who an effort is going to be an impact to who an impact to who an economy is going to be an impact to who an impact who has an impact to who an effort is going to be an impact
Who gives him a text to who I took it.
And if we use the cell -- where we are.
All of this information is based on at least six months, and to two years, in his phone company or his private protection.
And in all of the people in Europe, the people came up and said, "We don't want this.
They said they didn't want this data.
We want to get the distribution in the digital age and we don't want to do that the telescopes and the Internet companies have all this information about us.
There were a lovely, distributions, spinalists, everybody said, "We don't want this.
And here you can see about 10 thousand people who went back to the streets of the Bang and said, "Look, not go."
And some of you even said this would be the two.
The Steve was the secret of Alexander Artisty September.
And I also asked me if this works.
Can you forget all this information about us?
Every time I use the molecule."
So I asked my telephone, Paris Telescope, which was the largest phone company in Alexander, which please would send me all the information they had about me.
And I asked them once and I went back to them, and I was going to ask them -- and I didn't have a contracting answer -- it was all black, black.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you are losing my life.
And so I decided to give you a public destruction, because I wanted to have this information.
But Philadelphia Telescope said no, we're not going to give you this information.
At the end of the end we looked at a reality.
And I was going to give you the destruction and they would send me the information that I asked me.
And as the United States. The Archies Constitution for the average law of the Deplender of the U.S.
And so I got this fish on the market with a Congo inside it.
And I had this.
They train and five thousand years of information.
At the beginning I saw you and I said, well, it's a huge architecture. Okay.
But after a time I realized that it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this advance.
It was a little bit specifically, what should I do with that?
Because you can see where I am, where I spend night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information to go out.
I want to make it public to it.
Because I want to show you the people what the data.
So next to Bill Obama and Obama Daniel, we did this.
This is a six months of my life.
You can take it out and go back, go back and on the back.
You can see every step that I do.
And you can see how I'm going to look at Carry in terms of Cold, and with what I think I call in the train.
All of this is possible with this information.
That gives a little bit.
But it's not just about me.
But of all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife and she called me, we talk a couple of times.
And then they call me some friends and they call it between them.
And then you call the other, and the other one to the other, and we ended up with this great network of communities here.
You can see how their people communicate between each other to what time they call each other, what the time is going on.
You can see all this.
You can see the cells, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what the society.
If you have access to this information, you can control their society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iraq.
This is a model to study the form of your society, because you know who I talk to who I talk to who I talk to who makes an impact to who, all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is started at least six months in Europe, and to two years.
As I said to the beginning, imagine if all of these people in the streets of Berkeley, in the ocean of 2010, they had a cell in the ball.
And the Steve had been known who happened in this process, and if the Steve had knew who the leaders were never going on.
So the whole thing in the World War maybe had never happened.
And in fact, it's not the each of the Congo Congole.
Because today in the state of the statistics and companies want to get so much information of us as possible.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives and they want to get them up for it.
But the advantage and living in the digital was not a control.
But today you have to fight out of the authority.
You have to fight for it for a day.
When you go home to your friends that the private is a global value of the 20th century and it's not going out of mother.
When you go home, you will give you their responsibility that just because the companies and statistics can make a certain information, they don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, you can ask your telephone company -- what information of you.
So in the future, every time you use their mobile cell to remember that they have to fight for the application in the digital one.
Thank you.
Hollywood TED, what happened?
It's not enough.
Hollywood TED, what happened?
I call me Mars Japanese, and I don't know the doctor that brought me to the world.
I went to my mom six times in six different direction to the poor of me in the process.
As a result, I have a brain particles, because of it all the time.
Look at it.
It's a little bit like a mission of Santa.
And Mars Allie.
The Paris County is not people.
It's not controlled or it can be continued.
No one based on my mother and I didn't get it out because my parents were prime bears, even though they are.
It just happens by accessible, like the one that happened to me.
Now, I'm going to give you, I'm not a source of inspiration -- and I don't want one of the people.
It feels bad for me, because at some point of life, you've been able to be defined.
We're going to go on.
You see China, they're in the common center -- they get in the company in terms of consequence, and what do you see.
At 16 different places for disappointed.
And you think, God, I can be at least a little bit of distribution?
And also, I tell you, I have 99 problems, and Palestine -- it's just one of them.
So there are a search of the presentation, I would take the grandmother market.
I am a particular, musical, woman and living in New Angeles in New Angeles in New Angeles in New Angeles in New Angeles in New Angeles in New Angeles in New Angeles in New Angeles in New Angeles in New Angeles in New Angeles in New Angeles in New Angeles in New Angeles in New Angeles in New Angeles in New Angeles in New Angeles in New Angeles in New
If you don't feel better, maybe they should do it.
I'm from Park City, in New Jersey.
I always found that my boat and my disease had the same institutions.
I also love that if I wanted to walk out of my home to New York at New York, I can.
A lot of people with brains are not walking up, but my parents don't believe in the can't be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to do it.
The point of my father was, "You can be able to make it care?
If my three biggest sister came up, I was clearly.
If my three older sister went to the public school, my parents did to the public system and make sure that I also was, and if we didn't know all of the morning that we all had to get my mother from my mother.
My father taught me to walk in the five years by putting me up in their feet and just walking on.
Another thing that I used was to put a dollar in front of me for it to do it.
The surgery that I get in it was very strong and so on.
You know, the first day in the end of the money I was born as a company of the bottle that has made a lot of galaxies.
When there were only six robots in my city and they were all of the family.
Now there are 20 words, and they keep being all of the family --  I think nobody realized that we were not incredibly improvised.
This was before the 11 and the politics would be able to be able to be able to use "Space, and the campaign line.
The people who grew up they had no problems with my faith for me.
It doesn't seem to be able to be able to make a lot that died in the hand for the room.
I told you that I had enough free enough to live three months to live without eat -- so I will get out of the self-concern is very easy.
Bass was in British.
Yes, in Brazil.  My parents could not pay the physical team, so they were made to the danger school.
I learned to draw with the stands, or it is that I can walk with the stands.
I'm from New Angeles -- and there we want to be a girl -- so if my friends were used to be carefully, I too.
And when my friends were going to go up in the summer companies in the cost of Johnson, I didn't know.
I was born my summer in an area of war because my parents would take out that if we didn't go back to Paul every summer, we would become Mars.
And in the summer, my father was going to see, so I was able to see, so I was able to be able to be able to see, and so I was put out of the card career in the spider, I was used to me in the Martin Mars, and I remember that the water took me the eyes and I thought, "Was it working?
But the military culture was the monomal.
I have to say that it is very application, but before you do it was a stage of supply that I couldn't be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
And now I can show you in the head.
My parents did this idea that I could do anything -- that no dream was impossible -- and my dream was to be in the Hollywood Home Home.
I went to the university by the positive definition and I got a benefit for the U.S. University of the state of Aristotle, because I was going to go in all the years.
It was like the market line of the theory of the test.
They all love me.
And I did all of the less intelligence of the least intelligence, and I went up in my class -- and also in their cells.
Every time I made a piece of the creature of the crime of my teachers taken up.
But I never got a paper.
And finally, in my last year, the U.S. decided to make a work called Bangladesh very far in Japan.
It's a work of a girl with a brain particle.
I was a little girl with the brain.
So I started able to present the four views, "The end will have a pattern?
I have a brain particles.
At the end of the laby.
Thank God and I am a little book?
I did not get the paper --   they gave him British Berkeley.
I was going to try to go back to the direction of the test of the test, called the distribution of the territory, like if someone had been killed to me to ask me why and she told me that because they believe that I couldn't do the risk scales.
And he said, "Design if I can't do the risks of risk -- you can never do the content.
It was a paper for the one that literally had been born and they gave it to a brain without brain parallel.
The universe was taking my life.
Hollywood has a little story of making an activity to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
At the way, I went home to home, and my first thing was a bit like a text in a television.
My dream became reality.
And I knew that it would be a short from "the "addition, "I had a search from a search.
In change, I was there like a cat, and I was not looking at me more than the narrative, and it was evidence for me that the red doctors didn't make radio activities, not white and documentation -- with distribution.
They just told people perfect people.
But there were except to the rules.
I grew up looking at George Galapagos, Rose Bang, Street, and all these women had one thing in common -- they were magic.
And so I made me humanity.
In my first trip I was made in New York City.
I worked in care of all of the United States, and also in Rosett in the United States, without contracting and without volunteer.
Some people say I'm the first mouth of the Arab world.
I never like to take the first place, but I know that they never had that little distributed robot that says that women are not fun -- and they find us very fun.
In 2009, my brother of another mother and father Daniel, Dona Bang, and I took the Force in New York City in New York, now in his 10 years.
Our goal was to change the negative image of the University in the media in the media in the media and you will remember it to the risk of representation that South and Arab are not solving.
It was a lot more easy to deal with the challenge of the design of distribution.
My great opportunity came in 2010, in 2010, at all.
I was as an sent to the program of news news by care of the network of Kenya Berkeley.
And I went up as if it was to a grandma ball, I took up to a study and they sat up in a car class.
I looked at the doctor and I said, "Did you get another college?
She looked at me, and she looked at me and he said, "Look, three, three, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two,
And we were living in alive.
So I was going to go to the screen of the pressure to not go out of the screen for the signal, and when I ended up the interview, I was paralyzed.
At the end I had my opportunity and the device. I knew they didn't get to invent.
But not just the Mr. Burney went back to invented, but it was like a particular time and I put my character.
A fun thing that I learned in direct with John Burst was that people in the Internet are scale.
It tells kids that kids are critical, but they never came out of me or a little bit of a little girl not of me.
All of a sudden, my distribution in the Internet was going to go out of it.
You look at the lines in line with consequences like, "Why do you get it?
Is it recently?
And my favorite -- "Please brilliant training.
What does it do?
We really should be able to hear for it.
And a company suggests even that I would take my distribution to my current currency, supply, collaboration, paradigm.
The distance is as visual as the way.
If someone in terms of robots can not do Bell, then he can't make someone in the street of radio.
The discoveries are -- you know, arrived, man.
We are the largest miles in the world, and the most used in the world.
The doctors said it didn't walk up, but I'm here in front of you.
However, having grew up with the media media -- I don't think it was.
I hope that together we can create more positive images of the distance in the media and in the collaborative life.
Maybe if there were more positive images -- that would spend less hate in the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need all the society to teach our children.
My journey has taken me to very special places.
And I got to walk through the red robot of the telescope in the distribution of the telescopes and the climate London Anderson.
I got to act in a film with Alexander San and work with my day, the incredible Daniel Martin Daniel.
I would remember the world by looking at the Arab records have become little books.
I went up in the research of the great state of New York at the U.S.
And I found "The kids in Mars, a biological organization to give the kids a little bit of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me in life, and I gave him this talk to his mind.
(Audience painting in peace -- he paper.
I call me Mars Mars, and if I can, you can too.
I would like to tell you a story about a little girl in a small world.
I don't know his name but I know your story.
I live in a little village to the South Station.
This village is near Monterey.
It was the used to go into a little village to the poverty and the back of the interview.
No one for him -- it's going to the big city, in this case, Mars, the Carol career.
When it comes there, there are no work, no work, and you don't think of future.
He was just living in a card in the city to the Arabic of Mars.
After maybe a year year, nothing year.
And one day you can take it up to me to take it up and take it up to healthy, and then go to continue?
I know a group of people, who gives him a desire.
It gets a little bit of money so that it gets a new board, money to send home, to their family.
They present a young people.
I finally got home.
It starts a new life.
It has a life.
A beautiful day in Mars, under a blue sky.
That little child of that little village with the great career was the surface of the super-engineering transportation, and that digital group of people were to the Standout, a terrible organization connected with the Mars.
So how do the story of a little girl in a little village trying to put their dream in the city end with him inside?
He was waiting him.
I was waiting for an opportunity -- waiting to start their future, waiting for a future, and this was the first thing that he did.
This was the first thing that we call the particular period.
And his story is based on urban cells around the world.
It is the story of the short, young urban urban people who were developed in Johnson -- they were developed in London, which are looking for something beyond the spiritual spirit."
For young people, the great dream of the city, the great dream of the city is the opportunity of work, but the young people don't pay in the pressure of their cities.
It is often the guy who comes from the most high days of destruction.
For the 2010, three of five people who live in cities will be less than 18 years.
If we don't include the young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't make them opportunities -- the story of the spirit of the spirit, the access of access to the terrorists, to the violence -- to the privates, to be the story of the cities.
And in my national city, Mars, 70 percent of the young people are straight.
70 percent didn't work, not to school.
They don't really do anything.
I went back to Mars last month, and I went to visit the Homo Martin, the hospital where I was born up.
I remember to be at that hospital right to band thinking, and if I never would have been doing?
And if I had seen me forced to be in that same "Step spirit?
Would I have become the transportation?
I'm not really sure of the answer.
The reason I was in Monterey that month was actually to be able to reach a few public leaders in a company compared.
I went back to about 90 percent organizations of survival.
We felt and we had an idea of ideas about the solutions to the big challenges that we face the city.
One of the young people in the room was Alex.
He was to the University of Monterey -- it was gradually.
There was no work, and I had no opportunity for you.
I remember when he said to me, because it was a grade university, support, friend, was the perfect white for Al State and other terrible organizations to be recorded.
They look at people like him.
But this story takes a different way.
In Mars, the biggest object to get out of the point at the Bang are the street.
They have a civil war of civil war has developed completely the visual system, and a goal can be the most easy way to move in.
They see an opportunity and the advantage.
It started a molecules of molecules.
And I started looking at the local institutions who normally couldn't buy them.
I bought 10 monkeys, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is at some time to express hundreds of molecules for the next three years.
Why is this different story.
What do you do to this story.
I think your ability to identify and make a new opportunity.
It is the special space, and I think that the computer space can be the most powerful tool against the spiritual spirit."
You know, the young people to be the crisis of the economic opportunities that are looking at so distributed.
And you can train the young people to be employees.
I want to talk to you about a young man who went to one of my records, Monterey Man: March Mars.
I was helping you to train some of the young people in the top of the company and how it will be innovation and how to create a culture of the company in the whole company.
In fact, this is the first factory that Mountain has seen in over 24 years -- and until a few years ago, until George came in, if you wanted to be failure for your ball, you used to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to send from
If you asked somebody -- "What was the last time you saw free fragments?
For those who grew up during the civil war, the answer would be, "No."
So let's see a opportunity.
It started a company of parallel and fast design.
I created a francies in the beaches of Mars, and I started to grow the subjects and lights, which would be able to survive the call of Mars climate.
And I started the flower of flowers for banks, creating landscapes in the house, and the companies of the city, and now it's working on the creation of the first public population of Monterey in 24 years.
There's no public parks in Monterey.
And you want to create a space where the families -- you can go together, and as he says, "Let's just put it out of the private forests.
And by the way, he didn't grow robots because they use a lot of water.
So the first step is to inspired the young people, and in that room, the president of Mars had a really profound impact in young people.
They had never thought about starting a business.
They had thought about working for a NASA, working for the government, but his story, his innovation really had a strong impact about them.
I used them to look at their city as a place of opportunity.
And I found them to believe that they could be empathy, that could be architecture of change.
For the end of the day, they had no negative solutions for some of the biggest challenges that the city.
They were able to have a local solutions for local problems.
So, inspired the young people and create a computer culture is really a great step -- but the young people need to make their ideas.
They need experience and order to bring them into the development and put it up in their business.
They connect the young people with the resources that you need to get the support that you need to move out of the connection to the creation of the creation and create careers for urban growth.
For me, the company is something more than starting a business.
It's to create a social impact.
Most is not just sell flowers.
I think it's sell hope.
His Park Park -- this is how I call it, when it's created -- to transform the way people see their city.
They come up with children in the street to help you go and keep the molecules for him.
I gave you the opportunity to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to spend
These young companies are having an impact in their cities.
So my point is, they become the young people in companies -- they get up and increase their energy innovation and they will have more stories about flowers and Parks of the Peter than and spinal people.
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went to work with my dad in the Architecture mountains, an area to the North York City.
It was a beautiful day.
The bad forest.
The sun made the kids die like a vision and not going to be the way that we said, almost we could find that we were the first human beings in order to keep that land.
We get to our field.
It was a crowd in a receptor with a beautiful law in a beautiful law when I discovered something horrible.
In the contractor there was a subject, from about four feet carefully with head heads of parallel parallel parallel, and the old box.
And I was an antibiotics, and I was very constructed and incredibly conservative.
The careers that were too powerful as to get out of what they had done, who thought I was going to call your brand?
That question followed with me, and it's just a little bit.
Who clean our balloon?
But no matter how you hear or where you put the out of the outbreak, who clean our ball in Sunday?
Who clean our based out in London, or in Paris, or in London.
Here in New York at New York City Laden called our barrier, at the age of 11 tons of destructions and two tons of religious products every day.
I wanted to know you as individuals as well.
I wanted to understand who that work.
What are you going to be used to use and take that career?
So I started a research project with them.
I went up in the cats and walking on their trains and I tried to put people in office and interventions in the entire city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an interview.
I needed to find it more.
So I started working as a barrier record.
Now I don't just travel in the cars. I carry them.
And I was able to put up the mechanical screens and barrier the neighborhood.
It was a private remarkable and an amazing thing.
They all ask about the sun.
It's there, but it's not as soon as they believe -- and in the days that it's very strong -- you get a quick one.
It costs a lot of used to the weight of it.
I met people who had worked on it for several years and their bodies are going to go down to the weight of taking on their body tolerance every week.
It's also the dangerous.
And I remember with the University of Lakes Laboratory, the research recognition is one of the most dangerous consumers in the country, and I learned the right.
You're going out and coming into the treatment all day and they go up to your around.
They just want to go on, so in order to be able to be paying attention.
That's very bad for the work.
And as well as the barrier is full of doctors that often fall out of the walk and they make a terrible day.
I also learned about the barrier of the barrier.
When you go out of the content and you see a city from the part of the wall -- you get to understand that compassion is like a force of nature.
I never stopped coming back.
It's also like a form of resistance or carefully.
It should always be in movement.
And it's also the stage.
And it seems to me that the stage is especially incredibly incredibly because I think the restaurants of resources are the most important work in the streets of the city, for three reasons.
They are the first people from public health.
If you don't get rid of the destructions and effective every day, this starts to spread out of their colleagues and their favorite doctors are going to be in very real ways.
diseases that we had built by decades and similar to go back and begin to give them.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get out of the old thing we don't have a space for the new thing for what the economics of the economy starts to figure out when it is in dangerous control.
I'm not looking at the career, just to your relationship to it.
And then it is what I call our own average view of a different day.
And I mean it just to the speed that we used to move into the contracting time.
We just don't worry about it, and we don't know, we don't get out of us or take us out of us on our contractor -- our back of the marriages, our water ball.
We use them -- we would take them up, because we know that there is a work of work in the other side that is going to be able to get out of it.
So today, I want to show you a couple of ways of thinking about researchers that maybe help us reduce the space and send them into that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
His work, I think, is almost limited.
They are in the street every day, in a stranger way.
They use a form in many cities.
You know when you want them.
And their work allows us to do the us.
They're almost a form of alternative.
The flow that keeps us from ourselves from ourselves -- our own destructions, our destructions, and that flow always must keep a way or another way.
One day after the 11 percent of 2010, I heard the group of a record of researchers in the street in the street, I would go to my little son, and I went down to my little son, and there was a man doing his paradigm of paper as I did all of the microbes.
And I tried to thank you to make her work that particular day in particular but I started to get up.
And I looked at me and just showed me, and he said, "We are going to be good.
We're going to be good.
A little bit after that I started to research the resources and I went back to that man.
It's called Palestine, we work together and we made good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be good.
But in our effects to figure out the way we exist in this planet as a species we have to include and have to tell all the costs -- even the very real human cost of the work.
And the modern researchers -- what we think of when we talk about it, they represent the three percent of the amount of research of the nation of the nature.
This is a remarkable story.
So in the flow of their days and their lives -- the next one that you see somebody whose work is to deal with the barrier of you, it takes a moment to recognize it.
So let me just tell you a moment to tell you.
My work is focused on the connection of thinking about our common life form part of the environment of the environment where the architecture is born from the conditions of the conditions and the local transform of it.
Today, I brought two recent projects like this.
You know, both of these projects are available in employees -- one in Earth and the other in Tanzania.
And they also share the fact that the different ants from different perspective are becoming a essential part of the final work of architecture.
The first example started with an investment to design a massive center of several days in the colleague of Earth, Andrew Alpha.
This is the kind of building that they showed us as an example and my team and me, about what we had to design.
At the beginning, the first thing I thought was, "I want to go out of the contrast."
After looking at some of these buildings there are a lot of these buildings in the city we realized that there are three important aspects to replace.
In the beginning, these buildings are almost versions because they have very big trials in which people can't get the light to buy things.
Second, you need to start a lot of energy because of the research with critical generations in the Internet, so it's a lot of former.
In a city that this shouldn't happen because it's about a terrible climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees for all the year.
And the third place, their aspect doesn't have anything to do with Africa or English.
It's a way to try to get a place in a culture in culture and transformation.
In our first visit to Europe, it was really covered with the old market that is this structure at the air air where thousands of people, they go and buy things all the day to some of the little views.
There is also that idea of using public space to make the public activity.
So I thought, that was what I really wanted to design -- not a commercial center of it.
But the question was how to build a building model of a number of days, apply these beginning.
The next challenge has been present in the site -- which is used in a very growing area of the city, where a lot of the buildings that we now see in the image -- they don't exist.
And it's also between two particles that are not communicate in a hundreds of thousands of feet.
So the first thing we did was to create a connection between these two streets -- using all the inside of the building.
And this has been excited with a stream that creates a space at the air in the building in the building in the building.
And around this space we have apply the idea of the market with small business, which changes in every step because of the form of space.
I also thought, how do you close the building.
I wanted to find a solution that respond to local climate cities.
And I got to think about a similar street to a spinal ability to allow them to allow the air of the air and also the light, but in a failing way.
And then we were inspired in these beautiful benefits of the survivors of the surfaces.
They have some of the physical genome, and this helped me model the factor.
We are building that with these little pieces of advantage that are the vehicles that leave the air and the light in a way that I control the inside of the building.
And this is completely completely with these little colors of colors that use the light of the building in the building in the building in the night.
With these ideas it wasn't easy to be able to convince the development because they thought, "This is not a complexity center -- it wasn't what we asked.
But in fact, we all realized that this idea of the market was a lot more residential than the common center because in the end of there was more local to sell it.
And also the idea of the family was a lot more economic -- not just because of the material in compassion with the video, but also because it wasn't need to have an air air to be able to.
And so we got some of them in the beginning that we use to increase the project.
The first thing was to think about how to get the power of energy for the building in a city where electricity is almost every day.
So we got a great advantage by putting photographs in the risk.
And then we think of those patents like a new public space with areas of record and barriers that will create this urban career.
And these fish in the risk, which in the middle they get water for the signals of the Internet.
It was waiting for the next year, because we're going to go out of the building of the building.
The second example is a professional plan of 2,000 and a series in the city of Tanzania.
And to make a very big project, the biggest thing that I have designed -- I needed not just to understand the city of Thest, but also to their environment, their traditional and culture.
For that analysis I put a special attention in the middle -- a 100 years of an old time that was surrounded by a wall with a set of access to access to the almost straight line.
When I went to the place, the first design of design that we did was to increase the existing streets -- creating 12 percent similar signals in size and carefully that there are in Ball and other cities in Europe with these patients.
In addition to that, we are going to be able to be able to be able to get a lot of structures in relationship with the idea of the words that are interested with right lines -- and this means the institutional model.
And the last choice was to think about the cell -- the little cell cells in the project, as the approach, as a essential part of the show of the market planet.
I thought, what would it be the best office for a star in the marketing climate?
And it's northern, because it creates a typical difference between both side of the house and so a natural view.
So we take a scale that I make sure that the majority of food are perfectly obsessed in that direction.
And this is the result that is almost like a combination of the European battle and the Arab city.
It has these banks with patterns, and then in the bottom we have all the conditions for the points.
And they also respond to the local rules that are going to make a greater distance in the surface levels and a less design on the bottom of the bottom on the bottom of the bottom in the bottom of the bottom in the bottom of the bottom in the bottom of the bottom in the bottom of the bottom in the bottom of the bottom in the bottom of
And it also represents this idea of the door.
The risk, which is my favorite space of the project is almost like getting back to the community space of the building of the construction of the building.
This is where all of the vehicles -- you can go up and social, and you can make such such as a car of two miles per morning or get out of a building to another.
These two examples have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in smart countries, where you can see the cities literally growing up.
In these cities -- the impact of architecture in the life of people change the communities and local economy at the same rate that they grow the building.
For this reason, I see even more important to look at the architecture looking for simple solutions but assumptions, which improve the relationship between the community and the environment and they have as a goal to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new girl inside our class -- it was so remarkable -- as you see all the new kids.
I had a lot of very brilliant skin and a little scale of light, light. It was surrounded for the careers of the states of the states -- very good for the grandma.
And I ended up that year and I was full of careers, until I took my own planet.
One day I was a time after the school of school. It was a little bit later, and I put me in the edge of the kids.
When the cost was depressed, I went back in the living room, I took from the table of my market the book of calculation.
And then I did.
And you get the cardiovas of my record, just a little bit, just a little bit.
All of them.  And I'm willing to go back to the book at the book, but to see, some of my other companies had very good neurons as well.
So in a fragment, I cut the numbers all over the world, without any imagination of it.
I put you to all of the stores of David and myself.
I still surprised what I did.
I don't understand how the idea.
I don't understand why I felt good doing it.
I felt important.
I don't understand why I never told me.
It was that it was all incredibly obvious to it.
I never found me.
But about all of all, I discovered the reason why I was afraid that this girl was so small -- it would be so good at artificial.
And I would get into the cells.
They're so missing and so particularly.
We know the babies come out of them.
And also the prisoners are also very likely to do.
We know that the cells are the number one of the number of techniques in the U.S.
And yet, I have never seen a study that you add survival, or the long deal or the street.
And so you have to go to financial, because the levels are like the lab in which they study the cells in all of their possible.
In fact, I don't know if it is a exception to say that if there was no classrooms, there would be no limited.
Well, there would be no television -- there would be no "searching."
There would be no career care, not "The 100,000 and a night.
There would be no Stanford.
It would be the list of leaders of the high school, because we would be losing "The Rosse and the Fortunate, wouldn't be "Genetic or "Spark, and we would lose "Woman: We would lose "Man: "Step Kiewar."
No personality -- there is no pressure to say that President has the answers for everything, and in the centers, almost it has all of them.
This year is about 100 years of their own woman, "I was looking for the time that I was lost -- the most extraordinary study of the sex and also from the entire compassion, I mean, everything we could have --  and thinking about Pennsylvania, we have the sense of sense, right?
We think about a child trying to continue the dream of it.
We think about a human market in you in the land.
We forget about what it is that picture.
We forget that it is.
I mean, this is about books that Victorian Brazil said they were so hard as a street train.
I don't know how it is, but you know that it's surprising.
Let's look at why they go so well together, and the neuroscience and the cells and Peter.
It will be very obvious as the cells, which are recorded to the person -- to their designers, to their impacts, are a good national battle.
I don't know -- I think we get very close to the bone -- when we think about what happens when we feel cells.
When we feel cells, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about the life of other people, and those stories make us feel terrible because they are designed for that, to make us feel wrong.
It will be at the same time and an audience -- we know exactly what it is to be able to engage, to take the career, right?
The cells do to all of the advanced neurons, and that's something that I tried to understand it.
Everything that she does to give me a place to give you the other, maybe right now.
And it starts to tell yourself that story -- and since then, Peru says that every single way you can hear in his body, and it goes to their control in the top of its private camera.
You have to admit that Steve and President, they were normally cells.
You know, the New Angeles would have to take the country, if they wanted to break with him.
But you don't have to be as close to recognize that it's a hard job. Right?
They are advanced.
It's a managers manufacturing.
And what are the cars?
The cells get out of information.
The cells use the details.
And they like the big amounts of blue blood and the little search and small scale of light.
The cells are born out of the picture.
This is why India is so successful --  I present a good language with the collective language.
When you're in his airplane of cells, I just heard behind the door and organized to the searches of their car, then they define those behavior.
He says, "Look, I know you think that this is recently, but it's not different to the intelligence of an old text or looking at a mountain?
He says, "It's scientific research with real intelligent value.
President is trying to show that the cells are trying to show us and they look at us, but in their mind, they are survived of knowledge -- a truth of the truth -- a truth of the truth -- in fact, to what I was going to tell you, the more depressed the truth.
The doctor, the profession, the pressure, these were the golden seat of President.
He says, "You know, a woman who we need -- that it makes us survive, it makes us a lot of feel much more profound and visual than a man who can be interested with us.
Are we telling us that we're going to look for crime, critical women.
No, I think it's trying to say that the cells are going to give us to ourselves.
And there is some other emotions that makes us open in this particular way.
Is there some other exciting for us for us to get our advanced, our environment and our rights?
Does it have a other exciting thing that taught us to look at that powerful, so politically."
Frank would write about this more anti-productive.
One day, French was seen by a young young young man that you get up with the idea that his woman would get it.
And French says that there was something strange in that man, which was not being used in what his wife did about.
So she was installating -- everybody knew it.
The poor poor was under surprise without no cause without any cause of it.
But he was looking at things that did their wife, without being able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to.
Do you know too much of too much with a man with a man.
Francisco says that the man was becoming the surface of the sense of his wife surgery.
The levels are very good at this.
The levels discovered very well how the cells are going to look at it, but without pressure.
And in fact, the more often we are, the more we're going to become interesting in the factor.
And because of this reason, I think, the cells are going to make us virtual or images.
And the cells are going to be able to share them in completely important ways.
Now I'm thinking about me at the age of eight years, but I'm also thinking about this story that I heard in the news.
A woman from 14 years of age was able to have created a factor in Facebook since that he was sent from visual messages -- horrible messages, for a year.
For a year. All a year.
She was trying to influence the new neighborhood of his neighborhood -- I have to tell you that when or this, you remember with adviser.
Because we will be rules.
So what a huge thing, even though they discover, right? Right?
It's like neuroscience.
As a Nigeria network of Park Hands.
Hello is one of my fantastic.
She is a very strange set of the American limitation.
It's the car of "Sendations in a Track, and "The San Service.
Let's take Mars Republic, its most famous content.
It took Research to want to do or want what you have to be able to do and get out of what you ever had to be able to do, and it's under the floor -- I remember your name -- it takes your streets, and it goes up your banking conferences.
It's a way.
But what do we do do? We can't take the Rose Richard Rock.
I can't give you all over the world, so much as you want to want to.
It is a line, because we live in the view of invention.
We live in time.
That is, we are good citizens of social networks where the mountain is investment? Right?
The neuroscientists show us the same sale? I'm not sure it.
So we're going to do what people are always doing when they're not safe -- when they are in a minute.
We're going to go to the DNA of Bang Star and ask us by San Hollywood.
When people think about Monterey, you think about male that we think of the Muslim Museum in the Martin Mars, that critical gene in it.
But I've always been presented by "The Lawn Law, the sea face in the Standard Arab Carter that I need to take Monterey disappeared, I need the gene of Monterey, but it would be moving.
Oh, it sounds so family.
Leonescope needs his help -- but the respect, and it works with advantage in each of the microbes.
But as they work together, something starts to change -- and finally in "The University of the Singapores, once you go into the Stage Nations, once you go back to all with his solution -- Lego comes back to Honey and says, "We are not carefully, and we're not carefully, service Montana.
We're proud of you.
And he tells him that there is not a person in Germany, which I didn't want to tell you the hand.
It's one of the first few times that we look at Monterey transportations in history -- it seems to me very excited -- that stage is also missing, right?
It seems to treat the cells as a general problem without an emotional problem.
You know, in a minute.
At the same way.
In fact, Lebanon is allowed to add that idea of being the response.
Could it still be just that simple.
What if the cells are really a general issue -- just a question of where we allow us to be in relationship with the other.
Well, maybe we don't have to get out of the experience of the other.
We can keep it with it.
But I like the plant plants to me.
So as we hope that that happens, we remember that we have the financial for consumers.
It's just the financial filter of it.
It used to be destroyed, you send them into the table.
And you look at what you go on, the Law Lego, the Arab Laurie, the Brazil Servis, the same Mars President.
We are in an extremely complex one.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
The 21st percent of 1990, Bill Lander came out of the movie of the 19th century, and I discovered about the Martin of the Transition.
And Allan and Allan were alone. But his pressure in the surface of the surface was the quality of a nuclear collective process.
The Project program was the biggest movie in the history of peace in the U.S. history.
To get to the University, the NASA spend a hundred billion dollars a day, or four percent of the physical behavior.
The Australia gave for about 400 people and asked the collaboration of 20 companies and universities of the government.
They died people, including the train of the Ocean one.
But before the Project Project finally, 24 men came to the Colombia.
decided to walk on their surface -- which Alexander after the death of the Alexander last year, is now the most active.
So why were you?
They did not get a lot of become a lot of version, 1960, and something that the 24 percent of them would get up later, a new sense of the small and the fragile of our common home.
Why were you? The key answer is that they were because the Kenya Korea wanted to show the services that this nation had better cars.
But the words of Kenya in the University of Richard in 1996, give us a better idea.
John Facebook.
Why would it become our object?
And they could also ask, why would you spend the most farmers?
It's 35 years ago, why would you fly on the Archies?
Why do I play Richard against Telescopes?
We choose to go to the Colomb.
We choose to go to the Colomb.
We choose to go to the University in this decade and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're hard.
James Pole, for the contents, the Australia was not just a vision of the ocean on the War of the French.
In the time, the most strong choice was the way to work in the transportation of the power of the technology.
They were because it was a great thing to do it.
The artist in the University was in a context of a long list of technology.
The first half of the 20th century produced the line and the airplane, and the parachute and the speed for the currency.
In the middle of the century, it was created by the parallel and it is called the virus.
The technology seemed to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be a static force.
For most of the history of human history, we could not go faster than a cat, or a battery with version, but in 2010, the train of the age of 10 miles an hour.
Of course, no human being come back to the Moon.
No one has gone faster than the train of 10 percent, and the operation of the power of the power of technology has gone into the power of the power of technology that we can imagine that the technology is going to go to Mars -- to create a clean energy to create cancer, or feed the global population seem to have been interactive.
I remember seeing the search of the 1990s.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that I didn't look at the spinal subject of the San Security Valley.
I knew that this would be the last mission that was the last mission -- but I was completely sure that I would get to see the plants in Mars.
So that's what happened to our ability to solve problems with technology has become a common place.
We hear it all the time.
We've heard it for the last two days here, at TED.
It looks like the technologies would have gone up and have been driven with terrible players, things like iPhones, and and social networks and animals who are adding the subject view.
There's nothing wrong in most of these things.
They have moved and increased our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There is a particular explanation in San Valley, which is that they have created less environmental companies than those of the years of the years in which the years came in, Microsoft, Apple and George.
Simitan Valley says that the markets are the collaborations, and you can see the risks that the risks of risk is going to the companies.
Simitan Valley says that the risk of risk is changing the creation of traditional ideas by the bottom of incredible problems or even fast problems.
But I don't think this experience is good enough.
And I was going to go down the wrong thing that is going to be bad in San Valley.
Even when the risks of risk were in his right point without concerned with the risk -- they would make small individuals that they could go out in 10 years.
The CAPAS, they have always had problems to invest in technologies as energy -- that need a huge capital and the development is a lot of distribution -- they have never been involved in the development of technology technology to solve big problems because they don't have a massive value.
No, the reasons that we can't solve the big problems are more complex and deeper.
Sometimes we choose to not solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted to.
NASA has even designed a planet.
But to go to Mars would take a political decision that was popular -- and that will never happen.
We don't go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do in Earth.
Sometimes we can't solve the big problems because the political systems.
Today, less than two percent of the world of energy of energy energy from energy energy sounds like solar and the search -- less than two percent, and the reason is completely economy.
The card and the natural gas are more valuable than solar energy and electronics, and oil is more short than the biological.
We want them to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
Now, the technologies and economists are about what political and international treatment will be able to get the development of a alternative energy -- mostly, a significant increase in the research and development of energy and some kind of control of the price of the card.
But there is no hope in the current political climate that we will see an energy power of the United States or the international treat that represent that concept of it.
Sometimes the big problems that look like technology, it turns out not to be.
We know from time as a lot of time is the result of the face of food attacks.
But 30 years of research have taught us that the members are political crisis that affect the food.
The technology can improve things like the corals or the systems for the magnetic and research of food, but there will be lots of while there are bad governments there.
And finally, the big problems are at a solution because we don't understand the problem.
The Nicole Prince will tell you the war to cancer in 2010, but I soon found that there are many kinds of cancer, some of the creative things to the treatment -- and only in the last 10 years seem to have found effective and visual things.
The hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we couldn't solve the problems with technology.
We can and we have, but these four elements have been probably profound, the political leaders and population must want to solve the problem, the institutions must support the solution -- it must be really about a technology, and we need to understand it.
The Middle Milliscrate, which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems -- it would be with those crimes.
But it's a model in the future.
We are not in 1997.
There is not a complete company like in the World War, there is no potential like John Kenya who has been difficult and distribution, and there is not a piece of science of science science as the solar system.
In general, I will go to the University it turns out to be simple.
I was just three days.
And really, I didn't even have any problem.
We are only in our present -- and the solutions of the future will be more difficult to get up.
God knows that they don't get the challenges for us.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about the trust -- and I'm going to start to remind you the general ideas that are about the consequence.
They are so common that they've become climate in our society.
I think they're three.
The first one is a real really, there has been a lot of destruction of consequence, is a very cool process.
The second is a goal, we should have more consequence.
And the third one is a task, we should be able to remember the consequence.
I think the really, the goal and the task has been bad interview.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a recent thing, an object and a stage, which I think gives you a more clear idea about it.
First of all, why do people think that trust has described?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence -- I don't know the answer.
I was invited to think that it may have been designed in some activity or institutions and that could have been used in others.
I don't have it.
But I can go back to the operations of operation, and the operations of office are often the source of the belief that the trust has described.
When you look at the operations on the time, there are no evidence of it.
I mean, the people who were described about 20 years ago, particularly distributed and political and political and the same destruction.
And the people who were very comfortable about 20 years ago, they still have a lot of conservation, goods, developers.
The rest of us are in the middle -- and by the way, the average city of the street is almost exactly half a way.
But is this a good evidence -- right?
What the operations of operation is -- of course, of operations.
What else can you recognize?
What you're looking at is the genetic action that people are doing when they ask a certain questions.
Is it politically in politics?
Now, if someone would ask you, "You know, "The villages?
Do you trust the paintings?
Do you trust the professional markets.
You probably start to ask you to ask -- to do that?
And that would be a very serious answer.
And you could say, when you have told your question -- "Well, with some of them -- but in each other.
What it's very rational.
In fact, in the real life, we are going to be able to break the consequence in a different way.
We don't know that the level of trust that we're going to feel for a distributed type of office -- work or kind of person -- it's going to be force in all the case.
And I could say, for example, to say that it is going to be in a certain piece of price that I know to give you the kind of leadership, but in any way to bring the school microbes.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good conflict.
I could be able to trust my family friend to keep a conversation -- but no, maybe to take a secret to it.
simple.
And if we've got those evidence in our life lives in the way that trust is different, why do we leave all of that knowledge when we think about trust in more architecture?
I think the stress are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust -- because they try to get the good light in the fact that they are going to be able to trust something or someone in something.
Secondly, what happens with the goal?
The goal is to have more consequence.
First, I think it is a strange goal of it.
This is not the goal that I was going to do.
I'm going to take you to have more trust in what it is matter of consequence, but not what it is.
In fact, I'm a part of not to trust what it's not considered.
And I think that those people who were developed with the very story with the very story called Mr. Mars, who then came up with them, I think of them, and I think, well, you were too considered.
It will have more trust is not an smart goal in this life.
It considered desperate or negative with intelligence -- that is the right goal of it.
Once you tell you, you know, you know, yeah, that means that what matters in the first place is not the consequence, but the consumer.
And so it's about making a little bit about how much people are the people in details of access.
And I think to be able to make a subject, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are you completely? Are you honest." Are they responsible?
And if we find that a person is aware in the private materials -- and it's responsible and hospitals, then we will have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be a contract of consequence.
But you know, by the way, they are not responsible -- we couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are complex and honorgeners, but I don't trust them to take a letter to the car, because they're carefully.
I have friends who are very sure that you can do certain things, but I see that they make their own companies.
And I got a lot of saying that I don't have a lot of friends who have a lot of friends who are complex and responsible but extremely disappeared.
If it is like this, I still haven't been painting.
But that's what we are looking for -- controlled before you consider.
The trust is the answer.
The trust is what we need to do.
And of course, it's hard.
In the last few decades, we've tried to build systems of sense for all kinds of institutions for all kinds of institutions -- professionals, and so on.
A lot of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work.
I remember one time I was talking to a piece and she said, "Well, you see, the problem is that it takes more time to make the advised role that will make the part of the party.
And we found the same problem in all of our public life, and the international system, that the sense of realize that it is ready to draw the consequence and the controllers of consumers, it's actually doing the opposite of it.
What they do is to have the work of the people who have to do hard things, like the particles -- let them make the cards, as we say.
I sure you all know similar examples of you.
All of that, all of that, by the goal of it.
I think the goal should be more constant, and that things would be different if we try to be different if we try to be discussion and we will bring people to the people that we're considered and if we try to figure out if other people or political or political or political people are discussion.
It's not easy -- it is the surface, the simple action -- antibiotics -- what it doesn't do right now.
The third place, the task.
And I would call it to replace the content, put things into the room.
It sounds that you -- and I should be able to get the consequence.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can get a little bit.
We can do it if you are two people, together, trying to improve the consequence.
But the consequence, in fact, it's different because we get it other people.
You can't remember what other people have given you.
You have to give them the enough enough enough for you to trust you.
You have to be disappear to trust it.
And that, of course, it is because you can't get up, for the general people, all the people all the time.
But you also have to bring it up to make a lot of factor that you are discovery of consequence.
How do you do that?
That makes a data, all over parts -- it makes the common people, and it makes the common people, the very, very efficient people.
I'm going to give you a simple example.
And I tried to show you where I buy my colleagues say that I can get you to give them explorers.
They get them up and give me the money, or they change me for the color that I want.
That is surprising. Control in them.
I think there's a great lesson in that.
If you come back to the other part of the other part -- that's a very good test that you're discussing and you have trust in what you're saying about.
So at the end, I think that what we're looking at is not a very difficult thing to do it.
What people trust is in the relationships -- and in that market, you can figure out when the other person is decided to consider.
Thank you.
From the companies of computers have come together to reduce the speed between us and the digital information between our material world and the world of the screen in which the image can be depressed.
This security has been received, increasingly and more, at the point that today, it's less than one more, the spectrum of the life of a technical screen and the power of information has become access to all.
But I ask, and if there was no rooms?
I started imagine what it would be.
First of all, I created this tool that is in the digital space, so that when the strong operation against the screen is going to bring their own physical body to present.
The designers can kill their ideas directly in 3D -- and Americans can predict with virtual organs under the screen.
And so with this tool is getting the banks.
But the two hands are still out of the screen.
How do you get into the inside and interact with digital information using all the destruction of the hands of your hands.
In the distribution of Microsoft Sciences in Microsoft, along with my mind Carlio Burnature, and it takes the computer and brought a little space on the back in a digital area of work.
It will be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to deal with the challenges and the face now, you can take the hands of the trial -- will get into the inside of the 3D space, and to make it directly with the hands.
As the window and adults have a collaboration in real space -- we can see them is as easy as you can add a book of a story.
You can take the book and bring up lines or words with the virtual sense of the virtual sense that there are under every single screen.
The architecture can be able to be able to be able to break up or break their hands directly with your hands.
In these examples we are in the digital world.
And if we invest the role and make the digital information come towards us?
You know, a lot of us would have bought and defined things for the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry about.
What I have here is a virtual test by the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a device in the head or transportation when the system understanding your body.
If we take this idea more far -- I thought, instead of just looking at spaces in space, how can we make them physics so that we can take them and feel them and feel them.
How would it be a future this?
In the middle of GDP with my top Hello Health and my care Republic Park, we create this only physical point.
So this physical impact is behavior as a piece in 3D in space, which means that so much the computers can move the object to any place within this little traditional space.
So simply, what we did was that we did the graph and control the movement by a modern combination of a massive material and democratic application.
And when you program the object -- we read it from the researchers of time and space -- which means that human movements can go back and go back and go back and get in the physical world.
And you can teach a lot of pressure and distance and the famous and the famous talk about Michael John can be done as a physical reality that we wanted to.
The students can use it as a tool to understand companies as the movement of the planet, and it is -- and unlike the mountains or the text books -- this is a real experience.
But what's more fascinating to change the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our physical physical activity.
As you see, the digital information is not just to show you something but to begin to act directly about us as part of the physical world that surrounded us without that we have to get rid of our world.
We started talking about the talk today talking about a battle, but if we look at that bank, the only line that comes up is our imagination.
Thank you.
I was found to turn it back to the bank for two years, China, in the 1960s.
When I was in the first one, the government wanted to bring a school to a high school with all of the pay parts.
But my mother said he said, no.
My parents wanted me to become innovation, like them.
And then to survive the cultural revolution -- they believe that there was only a clear path to happiness -- a safe job and good work.
No matter if the work would like or not.
But my dream was to be a China.
This was me, in my picture.
A piece of person has to start to get out from very young to learn how to learn the access, so I tried everything that I could to go to school school.
Until he wrote to the school of school and the press of a radio program.
But no adults I would get the idea.
And no adults took me in series to me.
I just had my friends showed me, but they were kids, but they were kids, like me.
So the age of 15 years old, I knew that it was too much too much more to go in.
My dream will never be done.
Teacher, which during the rest of my life is a second kind of thing that I could be able to do.
And this was so international.
So I turned out to look at another volume.
No one to my around me wanted to teach it? Okay.
I remember books.
"All "The Colleges from San Charles, "Lines) Leadership Chinese Constitution, I got to the United States in 2010, and what were the first books that I here?
The ones who were involved in China, of course.
"The good Earth comes from the Chinese life.
And it's not predicting conversation.
The Bill is interesting -- but extraordinary.
That's a subject for another day.
But the mountain man for me was a recording, "How many of your father and your mother."
Hello, I said to me, "It's so different, and much better than you get to get?
And so it became my tool to get out of this piece of collaborative care and to remember the relationship with my parents with me.
And the focus with a new culture also gave me place to my heart leadership hand.
It was a lot of perspective.
For example, at the beginning of this map I found me outside because this is what the students in China learn to me.
Japan had happened to me, that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map is a map of the perspective of people.
The complicated line is not a new thing.
It's a common practice in the old world.
There are to the research of research as a complicated relationship and completely complex line.
I will compare and control, it makes the approaches a more profound understanding of a theory.
And I thought that if the complicated line worked to be able to research, why don't we do it as well.
So I began to read books from the two.
You can try to be about people who are "Liberal Frances, Japanese Alexander Manhattan from David Millennia who were involved in a same surface, or friends with complex experience.
For the Creating, the techniques are economic and political and property.
For the Buddha, they are all particles, law, look at and it will be social -- interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read their favorite books in two language.
"The Kala Talk.
For example, it's through the tradition that I realized that "The Chinese in Chinese literally means "The fast factory?
And "In Chinese in Chinese -- literally means new mother."
The books took me a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present of the past.
I know I'm not going to be going to feel just or important never to feel it.
You have a really hard dream that is not really compared to what a lot of other people have happened.
I've got to believe that reality is not the only purpose of a dream of it.
Their most important thing is to connect with the place that they come up with the dream of where the passion comes from.
It can be able to do that for you.
And it's because of the books today, that I'm here, happy -- living back and clearly, most of the time.
So the books always get them up.
Thank you.
Thank you.  Thank you.
And when I was in my two, I saw my first clinical clinic.
I was a medical student in Ben in Bengali.
She was a 24 years old, called Alex.
Australia went into the first service by using values and a horrible street, and he got up in the stage of my office was taken up and told me that I wanted to talk about their problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so strange.
And my kind of class had a pill as the first cell.
And I was a sense that I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could keep it.
But I didn't do it.
With the Chinese stories that Alexander comes to the search, it made me easy to just move the head as we get the solution.
"The trains are the new voices, he said Alexander, and so I saw -- she was right.
You start to work later, you have children later, it has children later, until the death goes later.
For seasons like Alaska and I had time.
But a little bit after me, my support was present to protect Afghanistan who would talk about their life.
I was researching.
I said, "Oh, it's going out with guys under his card, it takes up with a head head -- but it's not like it was going to go up with him.
And then my surface said, "I still not, but maybe you get home with the next one.
And also, the best moment to work in the atmosphere of Afghanistan is before it gets home?
This is what patients call a moment "I "That?
It was when I realized the 30 are not the new 20 percent.
Yes, people feel head after what it was used to me, but this didn't make the 20 percent of Alexander were a cause in their development.
This made the 20 percent of Afghanistan were the perfect moment and we were getting it.
And so I realized that this kind of black news was a real problem, and it had real consequences -- not just for Afghanistan and their life and your life, but for the careers, the families and the future of everybody else.
There are 50 million dollars in the United States, today.
This means about 15 percent of the population or 100 percent if you consider no one to go to the air without going on the openness.
They take your hand if you're in their 20 percent.
I want to see the versions of here.
Oh, Yeah. They're amazing.
If you work with versions, you love a sea, you love the dream a sea, I want you to see -- it's good. It's good.
This is not just my opinion. These are the facts of it.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will go to 35 years.
This means that eight of every 10 decisions and experience and moments, who give her life have happened for when they have 30 and so much.
People from more than 40 -- they don't go in a paradigm.
This public is going to be well, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an extraordinary impact on the amount of money that they will get in.
We know that more than half the Americans are cases -- they live or are going out with their future for the 30 years.
We know that the brain ended up their second and the last set of growth in their 20 and it is replaced for adult, which means if there is something you want to change itself -- now it's the moment to change it.
We know that people change more times for their 20 than in any other moment of life, and we know that the happy filter comes to their talent to the 21, and things are going to be complicated to the 35 percent.
The 20 are the moment to get up on their body and their options.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are critical for language and the point in the brain.
It's a moment in which their life and common has a distributed impact in the person who will become it.
But what we don't listen to is that there is something called adult development and our 20 are a critical moment in the adult development.
But this is not what the versions are listening to.
The doctors talk about changes in the line of the advantage of the advantage.
The researchers call the 20 percent an extremely extraordinary approach.
And the drugs take up the records like "The surgeons and "The "Stephosex, and "The "Steps.
It's true.
As a culture -- we have considered a transportation that is actually the decade that it means the advantage of adult.
Lego Bertie said that to get big things, you need a plan and not enough time.
Isn't it right?
What do you think that happens when you give him a search in the head and say, "You have another 10 years to start your life?
It doesn't happen.
And they were used to that person the sense of professional and their environment and it doesn't happen absolutely anything.
And then all of the days, interesting intellectuals, like you or their kids come to my office and they say something like this, "I know that my journey is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't know. I'm just killing time.
Or they say, "You all say that as you start a letter before the 30 -- everything will be good.
But then it starts to sound something like this, "My 20 are to end up and I still have nothing to show you.
It was better clearly the day that I got out of the university.
And then it starts to sound something like this, "My quote during the 20 were like the game of the classrooms.
They all go up and they fall up, but then at some point about the 30 -- the music and everybody started to feel it.
I didn't want to be the only one that was going to be standing, so sometimes I think I got my wife with my wife because he was the most close class when he was 30.
Where are the search here?
They don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little bit extreme -- but it doesn't work, the risks are very high as well.
When you leave a lot of things for the three, there is a huge pressure to the trains and so many of them to start a city, choose a city, to choose a city, and have two or three children in a very short time.
A lot of these things are not complexity, and there are researchers that start to show -- which is much more difficult and starts to do everything at the age of the 30.
The crisis of the average age is not about buying red destructions.
It's about trying to realize that you can't have the face that you want now.
realize that you can't have the child who you want now, or you can't give you a brother to your child.
A lot of trains and what you look at is the same one, and to me, sitting on the room, and they talk about his 20 percent, "What was I doing do? What was I going to do?
And I want to change what the services are doing and thinking.
Here's a story of how it could be.
It's a story about a woman called Muslim.
At the age of 25 percent came to my office because I was in their own words, having a critical crisis.
He said that he would like to work in art or in the environment, but you still couldn't say, so I spent the last few years working as a memory.
As it was a little bit, I live with a journey that I showed more early than I would show you.
And even though I was able to live about 20 very, very difficult life, his life had been even more difficult.
It was falling up in our search, but then it was used to say, "You know, you don't choose their family, but it can choose their friends.
Well, one day I got his head on his head on their legs and I read for almost every hour.
I was just going to buy a new piece of destruction, and I had spent all the morning, and I had spent all the morning to bring them up with their many, but then he was looking at the green space that goes after the words in the case of experts, please call the party.
I was at the point of the story when he saw me and said, who's going to be for me if I have a superconductive access."
Who is going to happen if I get cancer?
At that time, I was a lot of work that I was going to go back and not say, "I don't.
And what Einstein needed was not a team that is really worried about.
English needed a better life, and I knew this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot of since I worked with Afghanistan as just to just feel as I was the decade of Muslim was going on.
So for the next few weeks and months, I told you about three things that all of us, man or women, it means to know.
First of all, I told you that I was going to forget of that idea of identity and I get care of ideas.
By the capacity of identity -- I mean to do something that add value to his person.
It will do something that is an investment in what they want to be later.
I didn't know the future of the face of European, and nobody knows the future of the work, but I know this this, care of idea of idea of idea of ideas.
So now it's the moment for that work on the other side of the country, from that company that you want to be able to do.
I'm not going to give you the extraordinary exploration, I'm going to give you the explanation that I shouldn't tell you, that by the way, it's not explorer.
It's productive.
I said to University that I would explore work and I would tell them.
Second, I told you that the urban transports are surgeries.
The best friends are experts to bring it up to the architect, but the versions that are together with friends with similar minds with similar minds -- you know, what you know, how you think, how they think, and where they work.
That new piece of capital -- that new person who will come out of all the way out of the top of its most close brain.
The new things come from what they call the distributed friends of friends of their friends.
Yes, half of the versions have a bad job or they don't have work.
But the other half of us, and the drug bees are the way to put this group to this group.
The half of the working works are never published, then, to know about your journey is the way to get a work not published.
It is not to do transparency. It's the science of how information is going on.
For the last but not less important -- I used to believe that you don't choose their family, but I know their friends.
And this was true when I was growing up, but as a self-concern, I'm going to be able to take their family when you have a wall and form their own family.
And I told you that time to choose his family had come up.
Maybe you think that 30 is better age to feel head than the 20 or even 25 and I am about you.
But you can choose the person that you live right now, or you can do it now when all of us in Facebook start walking up to the blood is not program.
The best moment to work in your mathematician is before you have it, and that means being so international in love as you're in the work.
You can choose your family must be a aware choice of who and what they want instead of just to do it or kill time with who you get them to you.
So what happened with Earth?
Well, we went back to that destination, and she found the cost of a fish that I worked in an art model in another state.
And this black journey helped him get a work there.
That work of work gave him a reason to leave the journey that I live.
Now, five years later, it's kind of kind of special organizations in museums.
So this house with a man who has been able to consider.
I love his new face, I love his new family, and I got a letter that he said, "I said, "Oh, the space of education is not really good enough.
The story of company can sound easy -- but that's what I love to work with versions.
It's very easy to help you.
The versions are like advantages that come out of the airplane of the Allan and they go back to some place in the ocean.
Just before you go out of the desperation, a search light in his transportation makes the difference between the deal of Alexander or in Fire.
In the same way, at the same way, in the age of 25 or even 25 and even the 21st, a good control, a good TED talk can have huge effects in the next few or even in the next generation.
So this is my idea to be able to make all the versions you know.
It's just as simple as what I learned to say to Afghanistan.
It's what I now have to tell you that I have the privilege to tell you as Muslim every single day, the trains are not the new 20 percent, and they get their adult, they get care of ideas -- they use their dealing with.
They don't let me define what they didn't know or what they didn't do.
They're saying their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 24 years old, I left a very exciting job in a work that was even more excited, detection.
I was going to teach you materials to statistics in the public schools.
And as any of the professionals, it takes terms and professions.
I gave you talks.
When the work comes back, I was called the cards.
What I was called the attention was that Christmas was not the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of the ones who had a better challenge they had no posters of Christmas properties.
Some of my most smart kids I was not going to give you so well.
And that was going to think about me.
The kind of things that you need to learn in mathematics in terms of grade, safe -- they're difficult -- properties, decisions, the area of a collaboration.
But these colleagues are not impossible and I was very convinced that every one of my students could learn the lesson if they work hard and for the enough time.
After several years more than decades, I got to the connection that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a moral perspective from a political perspective.
In education, the only thing we know is how to measure how to measure in better way.
It's the Christmas, but what if you have success in school and life depends on a lot more than the ability to learn in a fast and easy?
So I left the cars and I went to the universe to turn it into particular.
And I started studying kids and adults in all kinds of distribution statistics, and in every study my question was, who has success here and Why?
My team of research and I went to the Michael Microsoft Pole Portugal.
And we tried to predict what you want to stay in the military environment, and who would be recorded.
We went to the National National Consequence and we try to predict what kids are going to do the most possible thing in the computer.
We study the numbers working in a really difficult experiments.
We address with private companies -- asking me, what about these values are going to keep their work, work?
And who is going to make more money.
In all of those very different context, it was a character as an important part of the success.
And it was not social intelligence that was not the social intelligence of it.
It wasn't the good approach, the physical health.
It was the determination.
The determine is passion and present to get a very long piece of period.
The definition is to have resistance.
The determine is to go to their future, day after day, not just for the week, not only for the month, but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality.
The definition is to live life as if it was a marriage, not a card to all of them.
A few years ago, I began to study it in the public schools.
I asked thousands of school students that they did my scientists and then wait about more than a year to see who it will get up.
It turns out that the children with more determine they had a lot more likely that they had a lot more likely to grow up, even when I was able to measure -- things like the family income -- the results of the free transportations, even the security that felt the kids when they were in school.
So it's not only in the West Pole or in the National National Constitution in which you care about detection -- it's also in school, especially for the kids in risk of it.
For me, the most important thing about determining is the little thing that we know, the little thing that you know about the science about their development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do you develop the determination in the kids, in the kids, in the children.
What do I have to do to teach the kids a little bit of work, work?
How do you keep them motivated for the long paradigm?
The most honest answer is, I don't know.  What I know is that the stand doesn't give them depression.
Our data shows very clearly that there are a lot of food individuals that are just not going up with their companies.
In fact, in our data, the understanding of our data is not related or it is even related to the middle of the house.
And so far, the best idea I've heard about developing the distribution in children is something called the professional profession.
This is a developed idea in the University of Stanford Ford, and it is the belief that the ability to learn is not ready -- that it can change with the experience.
Donor Delight has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes and growing in response to the challenge -- they're much more likely to pay when they fall, because they don't believe that it will be a perfect connection.
So the growth of growth is a great idea to develop detection.
But we need more.
And that's where I'm going to end up in my future, because that's where we are.
That is the work that we have for the way.
We need to take our best ideas and our most beautiful, and we need to test them.
We need to measure if they have been successful and we have to be willing to be willing to be willing to be able to begin to begin all over the lesson with the learning lessons of it.
In other words, we need to be described about making our kids more depressed.
Thank you.
I grew up in Tanzania like the daughter of a card, one of my most amazing remember is my mother showing the beauty -- the way the form and the finger of Chinese cars.
From that moment, I would wonderful for this incredible language.
But for a surgery, it seems to be as important as the Great Martin China.
In the last few years, I've been asking you if I can draw this wrong, so that you want to understand and learn the beauty of this software scale can do it.
I started thinking about how a new method and fast to learn Chinese could be useful to be useful to be.
Since I was five years old, I began to learn how to draw every single one of the streets in the right.
I learned new cars every day for the next 15 years.
Because we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and simple way.
A Chinese activity understood 20 dollars.
You just need a thousand to understand the basic architecture.
The first 200 percent will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic list -- enough enough to read sexual signals -- to understand the basic idea of the website or the professionals.
Today, I will start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you listening?
They open their mouth as much as it is possible until it's collaborative.
They get a bank.
This is a person who is going to give a country.
person.
If the form of force is a person in both side, as if I was presenting it in front of it, "Apple -- I'm going to be a failure -- this symbol actually is organized in the form of the call -- but I like to believe that it's the other way that it works.
This is a tree here.
trees.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The color.
The size of the door looks like a couple of dollars in the old organ.
I call these eight careers.
They are a little bit of building to make a lot more carefully.
One person.
If someone walking back, that is "work."
As the ancient says, two are company, three are completely.
If one person would be their arm -- this person is saying it was so far."
The person inside the bank, the person is starting it.
It's a prison, as John inside the street.
A tree is a tree -- two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the beauty.
They put a bank under the tree -- we have the circuits.
They put a bank on the tree -- that's a "show?  It is a little bit of recognition, because a tree is pretty language.
Do you remember the force?
Two years together, it makes a very hot way.
Three forces together, that are a lot of calls.
They put the fire under the two trees -- that's working.
For us, the sun is the source of productive.
Two soldiers together.
Three together, those are the stages.
They put to the sun and the collaboration is going to go together, that's the brain.
It also means morning, after one day and a night.
The sun comes out on the heart, Andrew.
A door -- you put a tablet inside the door -- it's the dog of the door.
They put a bank inside the door, ask questions.
And I thought, there is someone in home.
This person is going out of a door standing, spending up.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're describing.
Three women together, they have care is advantage.
So we've already happened for almost 30 percent.
And when you use this method -- the first eight seconds will allow them to build 32.
The next group of eight cars will build another 3D one.
And so with every little effort -- being able to learn a couple of hundreds of careers, which is the same thing that you learn a Chinese eight years.
So after you know the careers, we started to create fresh.
For example, money and the fire together, we have a form of forest. It's a volume.
We know that Japan is the land of the national sun.
So this is a sun with the origin, because Japan is at the country of China.
So a sun next to the genome, we created Japan.
One person behind Japan, what do we do?
So a Japanese person.
The heart on the left are two mountains on the other.
In the ancient China -- that means in extreme -- because the Chinese companies would spread to their political elements beyond the mountains.
Today, the extreme has become going to go back.
And one thing I tell you to where to get out is a salary.
This is a slide to remember that I should stop talking to you and go out of the stage. Thank you.
What I want to be paper is the movie that I get to see.
I love to share my favorite movies with my children, when my daughter was four years old, we saw the mass of another together.
And the film is defining their imagination for months.
His favorite character was Garden, of course.
He gave it a good test to use a brilliant version and take a magic variable.
But when you look at that film so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary to understand it.
We now live and create our kids in a kind of complex computer of the factory specialized.
However, the map of others was an eye in itself.
It didn't start that language.
The language really took a few years later in the last few years -- the other film whose protection, a guy in the metaphor and a white girl would go to a young girl as a search of the economy.
You know what I'm talking about.  Yeah.
There is a great difference between these two film, there are a couple of big differences between the Martin and all the movie that we see today.
One is that there is very little violence in the Mars Mars.
Months are pretty advanced, like the pressures.
But I think if I think if the map of others are doing today, the machine would say, "Do you say, "Goodbye, you are the saving of the Obama as the price was presented.
You use the mathematical spiders to break up to the companies of the back of the black ball.
But that's not what happens.
Another one of the one one of the other thing is that the most expensive characters and even virus are women.
I started able to notice this when I was able to see San Bangladeships to my son, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that time, I also had a child.
Just three years old.
It wasn't invited to the project because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second son, and the sense of surgery had gone down.  So it was started in the room and he was increased like a mom with his patients behind them, and I don't think he would understand what I was going on, but I was sure all of it.
I ask you what I would do.
Would you be local issues and present and recently?
Do you have the feeling that London is one to a grandmother to make the government?
We will share this with the map of One of 1980.
How do you call Handellapara your film?
I do good mission with all of them and being a line.
This is the kind of world that I want my kids to grow on, right? And not a world of men who are listening, which is where we are.
Why is there so much of the factor for Facebook, force in the molecules for our children, and so little from the wall of the little search landscape.
There is a lot of list about the impact of modern violence.
I have not read so much about how kids remember this stage.
And I know for experience that the main thing that I did is that I had been used to be able to be able to draw up the world of adults that are military.  I think that in the moment of the first forest -- I really hope that the crisis would start to get out because it's the end of the movie -- right?
My search has ended up, I have neighborhood.
Why do you go out there?
I don't know what I should do.
The molecules are focused out to get back to the virus and get their recognition, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other advances.
It's almost like being a child, you have to be an anti-processing animal -- and if you're a child, you have to use a war.
There are a lot of experts -- and it will give up the principles of Design to any of you.
But they send a message to kids -- even though they are, the kids are not really their modern public audience.
They do a fantastic work when you teach the girls how to stay against the pattern, but they don't necessarily show the kids how to stop the path.
There's no model for them.
We also have some great women who wrote new stories for our children, so real and starts like Harvard and Kansas, but they don't stop being a war of war.
Of course, the most successful issue of all of the time that I put up in terms of all the time, every one of them about a child on a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and his son, or two men who are going to take a child.
Until many of you are thinking, this year, finally came out Valley.
And you can get to all of you -- it's already available in teachers.
Do you remember what the crisis said when I came out?
I can't believe that Pennsylvania has made a film of a principle.
It's very good. They don't let them be dead.
Well, almost none of these molecules spent the back of Benjamin.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It has not been ready and it's already presented, but maybe we're going to start a movement.
August Berkeley is a card drawing, and at the middle of the years, I had a conversation that had had with a friend about the film of the movie that they saw for.
And it's very simple. There are only three questions that have to do, in the film, there are more than a happy character that has lines?
So you have to make the research.
These women are talking to each other at a point of the film?
Their conditions are about something else about the girl that you like --   Right? Thank you.  Thank you very much.
Two women that exist and talk about things between each other.
And I've seen it, and yet I really see it in the sky that we know and love it.
In fact, this week I went to see a very good quality of quality -- Architecture.
Right?
It doesn't happen to be the book of Benjamin.
And I don't think I would say, because a lot of the movie -- I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the film happens in a bridge where men and women are going to be standing on the crisis.
We have a lot of men of men who have deep conditions and doctors in this content, and it's the great moment for one of the action to get a view for the door and say, you come to the wall, care?
This is Hong.
So you put in the numbers.
In 2010, in the most popular film, how many of them think they have private protection?
Okay. It's not wrong.
It's not the same percentage that the number of women that we've been able to remember for the Congress, then it's good.
But there is a larger number that this is going to describe this room.
Last year, the New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
In the United States, one of five women say that has been adding a few times in their life.
I don't think that it is the care of the mass of the massive environment.
And I don't think the molecules for kids have something to do with that.
I don't think that the music of music or programming are completely virtually, but something wrong -- and when I hear that structure, one of the things I think is that there is a lot of sexual architecture.
Who are those guys? What are they learning with.
What don't you have to learn with.
Are you looking at the story that says that the role of a moral hospital is to get to the virus with violence with violence and then make the recognition, which is a woman who doesn't have friends and doesn't talk about?
Are we doing that story, right?
You know, as a father with the privilege of creating a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we found this world and this very high station and we want to get to them.
We have tools to our device as being able to help, and we hope that to help -- but I have to ask you, but I have to ask you to be able to protect them if at the same time -- at the same time or particularly -- are we starting to our kids so that they keep your movies moving?
I mean, I think the list of night is a way to do something really important, and here I mean it often to the parents here.
I think we have to show our kids a new definition of man.
The definition of molecule is changing right.
You would have read about how new economy is changing the role of the home and the career.
It's all change.
When I asked my daughter what was his favorite content of San Banks and you know what they remember?
Okay.
Okay, Google and Galapago.
What do you have in common these two, right?
Maybe it's not just the wrong view.
I think they're experience.
I think these are the two people in those molecules that know more than again, and I love to share their knowledge with other people to help us take their society.
They are leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my son, and I like that kind of stories for my child.
I want more stories like that.
I want you to tell my son, I see and struggled only and more stories where you see that their work is to get to a team -- maybe a teaching team for women, to help other people improve and be better people, like the Germany market.
Thank you.
As a kid, I lived in Mars and one of the things that I would like to look at was to look at a sea stage in the costs of Mars because my parents told me that I would give you a lot.
But you know, it's hard to find these colleagues.
They're controlled and it's hard to see it.
However, with time, I used to look at it.
I started looking at ways and patterns who helped me to get them to them.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love for the past and the architecture.
And finally when I started studying English, I realized that I would see my own eyes wasn't enough.
Because, in the way, in Egypt, my little blood in Mars had grown up to one of almost 1,000 miles of light to the Nicole.
And my sea galaxies had grown to the size of cities.
This is really what I took me to use self-concerned images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew I had to do it in another way.
I want to show you an example of how different we can see the funder of the funder.
So this is a place in the original head of Earth called Benjamin.
And the place, to simple view -- it seems to be market, but when we use the fragment and we do it by using a physical color -- you know, the place is looking at the blood ball.
What you're looking at is the real chemical changes of the landscape by the materials of building and the activity of the animals of the animals.
I want to share with you how we have been used to be used to find an old Earth called Angeles, called Tenar, lost for thousands of years.
Translation was the collection of the ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a period of time called the Middle East about 400 years ago.
The place is used in the Facebook, Egypt, and it is really important because in the Middle Angeles -- there was this great relationship of the ancient Arabic art and religion and religion and religion and religion and religion and religion and religion and religion and religion and religion and religion and religion in the restaurant.
The Alexanders have always knew that Tesration was used in some place near the top of the two areas that they built them in, and they built into the red creatures here, but somewhere within this huge piece of alternative.
And this area is huge -- it is about 42 percent of 4.2 miles per square percent.
Before the Nigeria was right at the side of Theater and as I changed with time -- it goes up to the time and he came up with the entire city.
So how do you find a city in a stranger park?
I will try to find it out to be the equivalent to look for a hole in a pain, with the eyes and use a little bit of bad balls.
So, we use DNA data to make a map of the place, with very simple change.
We were able to see where I was the Nigeria.
But you can see more distributed, and it's even more interesting -- this area is a slightly interesting area that you see inside the cycle here, that we thought it could be the profit of Terzer.
So we came up with the scientific scientists doing sharks -- you can see it here.
When I say shows -- it's like the takes of shows in ice -- but instead of climate change, we look for human capacity.
For five feet under a little piece of life, we found a deal with a piece of collaboration of collaboration.
So this means that in this possible.
We also found work workers -- collaboration, current and black, which shows that there was a short shoe.
This might seem to seem to be a lot, but when we think about the most common parts used in the middle of the Middle East, these are the paintings that they used to.
So we have a piece of consequence that comes out of the Middle East in this place.
We also have an evidence of a list of list that shows that what has been there, was a very important city.
We still don't find Texas here, but we will go back to the place in a clear future to make it.
And even more importantly, we have the resources to take young people in the use of self-concerned technology in the way that they can also be able to make great discovery.
I want to end up with my favorite quote of the Middle East, probably he was written in Treat about 400 years ago.
To share knowledge is most of all volunteers.
There's nothing like that.
So as it looks like -- TED was not working in 1986, Christmas.
It makes the ideas happen. It actually started in 1980, Christmas in a lost city not for a long time and found out from it.
I certainly put the search of magnificent collaboration in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to send you to the eyes.
Imagine out of it outside the door of the house.
I want you to pay attention to the door of the door -- the material that is done.
Now you look at a group of new objects in biology.
They are sharing in a new neuroscience of biologists and they're going to go down to his fire dog.
I need you to look at this.
They are presenting strong -- they are supporting, they're going to get a lot.
And they come from front of his house.
There are biologists coming back across all parts of all parts that are going to his side of the areas that end up in open places -- they get the terrorist of the door, and you get the size of the door, you know.
At the version, to the particular, or what the other side of the door, and you see the quality of light -- the light light on the Montana Mountain.
It's going on with the hand.
And from his chair -- on a war card.
It's a street that I talk about.
You can feel his blue skin to make it be back in the narrative.
You can put it out of the start and you go up and go up to be about to get in the bank.
They go on a side and go into his room.
And in the room, and I use a little bit of his imagination -- imagine British Stanfords.
It is with a little bit of rocket, based on her measurements of center -- saving me Korea On Monterey Montanard.
Now we're going to go to the contrast.
The ground has been connected with a path of search lights and from the hospital come up to you Delhi, the Hollywood and the London of Mars, the Mars of Olympic of the hand, adding the hands out of you.
Okay. They open the eyes.
And I want to tell you about a particular concept that has taken up every single test in New York.
It's called the Martin March March.
I was going to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific printer, waiting -- I mean, this was like the end of a know.
There were a number of men and a few days of different age and different homes in the way.
They were looking at hundreds of moral numbers -- looking at it just one time.
They took the names of tens and tens of extraordinary.
They were used to be used in just a few minutes.
They buy to see who I could be able to deal with a little bit of the order of a narrative ball.
And I thought, "This is incredible.
These people must be phenomenon of nature.
And I started talking to some of the compassion.
And this is a man called Angeles Congo who had come from English and it has one of the better training media.
I asked him, "Oh, when you realize you were a knowledge.
I said, "I am not a know.
In fact, I have a average medicine.
All of those who are part of this computer say that they have normal medicine.
We have been trained to do these military artists of memory using a few old techniques -- invented about 2,000 years ago in Green, the same techniques that used to come together to make their lives, and that the media activities used to make them enough books.
And my reaction was, "Oh. How did I have heard about this before.
We were able to be out of the room of the computer, and E.U. who is a wonderful English and brilliant, even though a little bit excited, he said, "Just -- you are a American private.
You know Brooklyn Stanfords?
And I said, what? No, Why?
Because I would like to teach you to Browne Steven how to deal with the order in a liver ball in a living ball, in national telescope.
That would make it to the world that anyone can do it.
And I said, "Well, I'm not British Stanfords, but maybe you can teach me.
That is, you have to start for something right?
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up spend most of the next year, not just trying to find my memory but also installating -- trying to understand how it works, why sometimes don't work and what it can be their potential to be like.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man called English.
He's magic, very likely with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that I didn't even remember that I had a memory problem -- it's important.
And somebody incredibly transparent, but it was a window that allows us to see what our memory makes us who we are.
In the other end of the space I met this man.
This is Bill Peace.
We spent a late together in the public population of San Law City, by looking at temperature galleries -- it was continued.
And when you go back, a amount of treatment about the medical memory do something more than 2,000 years ago in the Arctic and then in the Middle America.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things that I learned is that there was a time that this idea of having an international memory -- discovery and crossing wasn't one thing as long as you can look at today.
A lot of time ago, people are involved in their memory -- in order to turn their mind.
These techniques have made our modern world, but they also change us.
They have changed us, and I would say that they have changed it as well.
As we almost don't need to remember it, sometimes it looks like we have forget how to do it.
One of the last places in our planet where you even find people who are an idea of an idea of a mental memory -- discovery and culture is this very similar company of medicine.
It's actually not as simple, there are companies like this around the world.
I was fascinated -- I wanted to know how these people.
A few years ago, a group of researchers from the University of London came to a group of memory campaigns, the lab.
Do you want to know -- it's going to be brains in some way, structure or a different distance of the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are you more smart than the rest?
And they gave them a collaborative ball, and the answer was actually no.
There was a really interesting difference and significant between the brains of the memory of memory and the control of control with them that they bought them.
When they put them into a massive research machine -- they had their brains as they were made numbers and short forms and forms of neighborhoods -- they found that in the field of memory became part of the brain, different than the others.
In effect they used to use -- or they seem to use -- a part of the brain that involved space and neurological food.
Why? Is there something that we could learn from this?
The edge of the food market has been killed as an argument in where every year comes up with a new way to remember more things, more quickly, and then the rest of computers must put the day.
So this is my friend Bertie Prize, three times they come out of memory.
In his screen, in front of it, there are 32 services of death names that he is about to try to stay in a hours, using a techniques that he invented and just he did.
He used a similar techniques to mention the average order of 1960 diagnosis and the private biological pillaries.
In half an hour. Yeah.
And while there is a great amount of ways to remember things in these components -- absolutely all of the techniques used at the end of a single concept that patients call "the collective college.
It was a contract with a paradigm choice known as the "Step "Step -- "The "Stephory, I tell two people who remember the same word -- I tell you that there's a man called Bangalore."
That is the stage.
And then I asked you, "You know there's a "Bandon.
And when I go back later, and I asked you that word that I told you a little bit?
Do you remember what was it?
The person who said to him that his name is Bang is a little bit likely to remember the same word that the person was told that his work is "But he was "Book.
The same word, different ability to remember -- that's right.
What happens here?
Well, the name Bang, actually doesn't mean anything for you. It doesn't have any relationship for you.
With all of the other remember that they get on their head.
But the word word, "Well, we know pathologists.
They use white surfaces using them.
They have hands in your hands.
They do well when they go home to work.
We probably know a little bit.
And when we take that word for the first time, we started to put the activity to put them up in a very positive moment.
One of the most dangerous techniques to do this is about 2,000 years ago.
It's known as the scale of memory."
The story says this: there was a poem called Simil that goes to a ball.
They had put it up as an understanding -- because before you wanted to give a very good factor, it doesn't take a DVD, he was going to a power.
He went up and he got up his piece of memory -- and it was married, and so soon as it was, the collaboration of the bank is collecting.
You get them all.
But it doesn't just kill all of them to all of them -- but the bodies are going to give them to the body recording them.
No one could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting out.
So they couldn't be able to understand the body.
It's a transportation behind the other.
So simply, I went out there, only surgery, in the middle of the short, close the eyes and realized that with the eyes of his mind, I could see where I had been sitting every single day.
I took the family families to bring them up to where they were all the way in between the surgeons.
And so what happens in that moment is something that we all know more or less interesting, and it is that no matter if we are not good to remember names or numbers or numbers of phone institutions of the word of our colleagues -- we have visual memory and emotional space.
If you asked me to give you the first 10 words of the story that I just told you about South Station, it's very likely to be very hard to do it.
But if I asked you to tell you who I was sitting on the skin stage in his version, they would be able to see it.
The idea of the memory is to create this building with the eyes of their mind and put it from images with the things that you want to remember -- how much of it comes up, the more light, thank you, starting and surgery is the image -- more incredibly to be.
This is a concept that comes over over 2,000 years ago, to the first terms of memory -- in terms of memory.
And how does it work?
We say that you have been invited to TED to give a talk and you want to do it in the middle of the same way that I would have done it, if they had sent him to Tenar 200 years ago.
What you could do is imagine that they're in the door of his house.
And it will be able to figure out some kind of really relatively, light and increasing to help us remember that the first thing you want to deal with is that completely smart computer.
And then you can imagine in his house, and see the Montana Mountain at Michael Earth.
And that would tell them that they want to go to his friend Air Congo.
And then you would see British Stanfords to remind you that thank you that you want to tell you.
And then they were going to go in the color, and the fourth issue that they would talk to would be that strange journey that they did for a year, and they have some friends so that they help them remember it.
So this is how the robots were looking at their designers, not words for the word, which is going to be able to take them up by the team.
In fact, the term terms, comes from the grandmother "the "specifically, which means "the place."
It's a view of when people think about the surgeon and in the region with this kind of space terms.
The first place, it would be like the first place in his memory of memory paradigm.
I saw that this was just fascinating -- and I went from full of it.
I went to some of these memory companies and I had the idea of writing something except about this culture of complexity markets.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory of memory is a collaborative event in the bottom.
Instead, it's like looking at a lot of people sitting on terms. I mean, that the most exciting thing that happens is when someone was killed in the front of it.
I'm a pressure and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are amazing things happening in the minds of these people, but I don't have access to it.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to put it in their place.
So I began to spend 15 or 20 minutes all the morning, before I feel the New York Times simply trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem -- or the name of an ancient analysis show in a paradigm market.
And I found out that this was absolutely surprised.
Japan had been expected to be.
It was an antibody, because it was not just trying to try to get the memory out.
What it really is about doing is going to do it more and more the ability to create and imagine these right images -- career, private, installations, and openness -- and on the eye of the mind.
I got a lot with this.
This is me, using my team to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
This is a couple of hearts and a couple of security sections with continued to leave only two holes -- because the distribution is the worst example of a memory of memory companies.
I ended up coming back to the same concept that I had covered a year before I had the idea that I could go in, in a kind of particular political experiment.
I thought this could be good for all of my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I got a concept, something I didn't have to happen.
Of course it is ready to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to, and it's actually not the point.
So these are just treatments that work.
Because they based on very basic principles about how the brain works.
And it's not need to be able to build out of the memory of the memory or make the banks of nations -- to benefit with a little bit of perspective.
And we talk about people with a great memory as if it comes to a discovery disability, but it's not the case.
And the big memory is getting up.
At the most basic level, we remember when we put attention.
We remember when we get out of it.
The paradigm of the memory -- these medical techniques are just short.
In fact, they don't even have a real thing.
They work because they make sure we work.
They form a kind of deep process -- a kind of complete attention that most of them doesn't go up by there.
But the reality is that there's no standards.
So this is how things are made by things.
And if there is something that I want to leave you today is what I want to leave you today, is what I couldn't even remember that I had a memory problem -- I left me, which is the notion that life is the size of our own.
How much are we willing to lose what we are already in our existence to lose in the Bangladeships, or images, don't pay attention to the human being in front of us, who would walk to our side -- we're going to be so horrible that we don't even have to be able to process in productive."
I learned from the first hand that there are an amazing memory of incredible memory in all of us.
But if you want to live a mobile life, you have to be the kind of person that I remember to remember it.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you about the last 30 years of the history of architecture.
It's a lot to put in 18 minutes.
It's a complex issue -- so we will take a complex place, New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I am from Nick -- I was six years old, and I lived there in my parents in a village called Liberia, and this was my own children.
In the side, I was the baby that I share with my sister with me.
And in my discussion and the battle, there was a bank that was going to the room to be.
And there everybody was looking at the trial looking at the text. So every time I was from my room to the battle, all of you see me, and every time I was told and back in a street, all of you see me.
And I was like this.
It was a horrible, I put it up and I did it.
I was able to play that rock, he was able to put that room and that home.
That's the architecture.
Little Liberia.
Those emotions that I felt -- that is the power of architecture because architecture is not about mathematics -- and the architecture is not about materials, but of those visual connections that we feel in the places that we work.
And it is not to explain that we feel in that way, because I remember with the University of the United States   Americans spend 90 percent of their time under the roof.
And it is, 90 percent of the time we are surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
The architecture tells us in ways we don't even realize it.
That makes us a little bit and very, very productive.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what I put you, you think of possible, stars, and democracy.
And I know that they think about it in a building I built about 2,000 years ago.
This is a trial.
It is a discovery that uses architecture to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings in the ways that we build our building.
It's an emotional connection of productive, we've used this treatment from a long time.
We use it about 200 years to build battles.
We use it in the 20th century to build art.
And in the 20th century in the United States, we use it to build home.
Look at these statistics, surgery, surgery, in front of the sea.
This is very, very useful -- because building things is a land.
It's cost -- it takes a lot of time and it's very complicated.
The people who build and the governments and governments are always fear to innovation, and they want to use ways that you know they're going to work.
So we found them with buildings like this.
This is a building.
This is the University of Liberia who ended up in 2009, and you know, it has a card, and you know, it has this recent thing -- you have this recent thing -- you have this recent thing, they let me go into what Lincoln is trying to communicate with this building -- the kids, the professional values -- the story.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a private team today.
That same year, in 2009, at the other side of the country, you end up another professional piece, which looks like this.
It's in Sea.
This biomass shows how we use the media of communication in the digital one.
It's a new kind of public team for the city, a place to be able to read and share and share it.
So how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings -- both of them boundaries -- they are so completely different.
And the answer is that architecture works in the beginning of the death.
In one side is innovation -- the artists that are constantly making new technology, new solutions, new solutions for the form of current life.
And we went up, we flow and we started so much of us that we get out of the people.
All of them, this tells us -- you believe that we feel very well, but we're dead in the inside because we don't have another choice.
We have to go on the other side and go back to the other side of those services an advanced systems.
So we do it, and we are all happy -- but we feel like transportations, and we start to experience again, we make the picture of the back and over and over again. So we've done it in the last 300 years, and of course, in the last 30 years.
Well, 30 years ago, we would take out of the 1990s.
The artists were used to experience with the name of the "The "The name of the "The name of the "The name of the "The name of the "The name of the "The name of the "The called "The called the called "The called the called the called the called the called the called the called the called the called the called the called the called the called the called
It has to do with the hospital.
That can be able to stop.
So small seats in the stage of the distribution.
Something really hard.
So we're going to go to the 80 -- and we started able to get up those systems.
We put it back in the other direction.
We take those ways that we know that we know and we accept them.
We were able to get up and we were able to be able to be used and we use new materials.
I love it.
We don't give it open down.
So we took Christmas careers and we turn them into cultures, which can be a little bit of microbes made of life.
The ways they get up, they put up in authority and color.
They became college.
The cells grew up to the size of building.
A care.
But they were the 80s, that was great.
We all spend the challenge in commercial cells -- we moved to the battles, and there, in the surface, we can create our own artificial forces in them.
They could be to the medicine.
You can probably have a sense of pathways of path.
So this is what happens with property.
So this is what happens with survival.
They're easy -- they are bad, because instead of creating new space, we need to remember other places.
I know very well, and you all know, this is not the Times.
This is Olympic.
The artists are feeling free and we started to make the death in the other direction.
In the years and in the beginning of the 20th century, we started to experience with the device of development.
We found the stories -- we are now going to tell a new design of design design, and we found us with new components -- a few ways that are started against other ways.
This is activity and a service -- and it's surprised in physical -- you have a lot of explorers.
Basically, the movie delivery in the opposite direction.
But then something amazing happened.
In 2010, you get this building.
This is the Google of Ben Germany.
This building changed the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Gangle said that Bill was one of those long moments when I grew up, and the public and public public in general -- they were completely access about a building.
The New York Times is called this microbes of military.
The state in Bill took in a 2,000 percent when they ended up the building.
So suddenly all the world wanted one of those buildings -- the Lines, Jesus, China, New York, Congress, Spanish.
Everybody wanted one, and George was everywhere.
He was our first star artist.
But how is it possible to be possible that these forms and radio -- how is it possible to become successful around the world?
And it happened, because the media got back to them and we quickly learned that those forms mean culture.
We've created an emotional reaction with these ways.
The same thing they did is the main careers of the world.
So they all believe that if they had these ways, they had culture and strategies.
And this phenomenon of the new message in the new million country with other star architecture.
And I went to Kenya.
You think, for example, how they eat architecture.
A thousand years ago, they would have to be walking up to the next village to see a building.
The transform is all attacked, you can take a battle, a plane, can be strangers.
The attack technology, you can see in the photographs, in the phone, and at the end, all of us are physical photos, and the building is based beyond their music.
The architecture is all over the now, that means that the speed of communities finally have taken up the speed of architecture.
Because the architecture is moving so fast.
It's not a long time to think about a building.
It takes a lot of time to build a building, three or four years old, and in that time, an architecture can design two, eight or 100 buildings more, before you know what I designed four years ago was a success or not.
Because there has never been a good representation in architecture in architecture.
That's how we find buildings like this.
The Brazilian was not a two years old, but about 20 years.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we didn't have no idea how much they wanted them.
That will never go back to happen. I think because we're in the mass of the biggest revolution in the architecture from the artist of the ant or the artist, and it's the revolution of the media.
My theory is that when you apply the method to the middle of communication -- it starts to be in both of these very fast -- even though it will be in both of all of us -- and it would be developed the difference between innovation.
Now we can do a lot of internal symbols, with something completely new.
I'm going to show you how the system works.
We went together to solve this building that was started.
This is the center of a village called Peters in the state of New York.
It's a community community.
But that means that two years before it was the building -- it was already part of the community -- and as the drugs are exactly the way to the full product -- there was no surprise.
The building came to be part of the community -- that first service, when people started to get and share it in social media -- the building stopped being just a building -- it became a communication of communication because these are not just images of a building, are the images that you made from the building.
And as you use them to tell their story, they become part of the personal narrative -- and that makes them available with the collective memory -- and when you take these systems, we learn it.
I mean, we don't need to tell us how to think about the architecture.
We can tell us about what we think about architecture because digital media has not only changed the relationship between us, but they have changed the relationship between us and building.
Think about a second in those little biomechanics of Liberia.
If that building was built today, first of all, we were going to go to the Internet of new professions.
We would be recently born with examples of experience, about what it can be a private.
That's mathematics.
Mosquitos that can take the Laden Lander, to the people of Liberia, and tell you that there are no only one to what it can be a professional today.
We were part of this.
So this analyzing of solutions gives the freedom to experience it.
It's all different now.
The artists are already not those military creatures that use gradual words and complete drugs, and you are not a self-concerned public that doesn't take something that I haven't seen before.
The artists can listen to you, and you don't let you go into the architecture of architecture.
And that means that the political picture of one thing to another, a movement to another, is relative.
In fact, we can go down and find solutions right to the problems that the society.
This is the end of the story, and it means that buildings of the morning will be very different to the buildings of today.
This means that a public space in the old city in San city can be only and advantage to the middle of a modern city.
So this means that a state in Brazil can be that, a state in Brazil, and not a bad story of red recent school with based on ideas of what it should be a state.
This means that a few robots can build our buildings because we finally are ready for the ways that are going to produce them.
That means that buildings are moving to the nature of nature.
This means that a contract of attention in Michael Bell, Francisco, can also be able to be able to do it or for me, or you can even get up in the night.
So this means that three architecture can be in the University of New York City in New York at New York City in the middle of the community community in the top of that cause -- it's no longer a alone.
It means that no building is too small for innovation -- like this little piece of records, as much though the animals are going to see.
Because it doesn't matter if it's a collaboration or a robot who built our building.
It doesn't matter how we build what we built is what we built in.
The artists already know how to make more effective buildings and more intelligent and more services.
We've been waiting for all of you to tell them.
And finally, we're not in the opposite side.
They find an architecture. They are going to go together and work together to make better buildings better cities, better cities for a better world, because there's a lot of play.
The buildings don't just remember our society, but they give them a way to the smaller spaces -- the local biologists, the homes where we form our children, and the step of the drug to the bank.
Thank you very much.
This is my contractor, Steve.
I just had a year and I started walking up.
And it makes it a great way of the kids in a year, bringing up as if his body was moving too fast to their legs for them.
It is completely predictable.
And one of the things that you like to do for the moment is look at the friend.
She really love his representation.
It gets and short, and it gives you the very big ones and morning.
It's beautiful.
All of their friends do this and my mom tells me that I used to do it. And he made me think, when to do this?
How do we have not to do with our approach?
Because unfortunately, we don't like it.
Every month, 10,000 people look at Google, "I'm fail?
This is Facebook, it's 13 years old and live in Delight.
And as any advantage, you just want to be wanted to go up and find it.
It's done by the night.
This is presenting for the next week in school.
It has a little bit of fear -- it's a little bit, because despite her mom tells him all the challenge that is beautiful -- every day in school, someone tells him that it's happy.
And what his mom tells him and what their friends, or your friends of school say, you don't know who to believe it.
So it makes a video of it, I put it in YouTube, and I asked other people to leave a consumer, "I'm a blood or I'm faith?
Well, until now, Facebook has done more than 13 controls.
Some of these are so distributed, that I don't even start to think about them.
We talk about a healthy secret, normal and correct, which gets these answers in one of the top of their most vulnerable life.
thousands of people are published as this, in their most likely kids trying to communicate this way.
But what are you going to do to do this?
Well, the advantages of today are not alone.
They are under being in line and available all the time, talking to me, "I want to give you a little bit -- and I want to share -- shape, putting it up.
We have never been so connected -- in the way that you know, in the way, as young as you.
As a mother said to me, "It's like there is a force in his fourth every night at all.
There is just no private there.
And the social teachers that go from the hand with that are important.
This environment -- to be always connected to our children in order to be based on the number of "I like that they have and the kinds of consequences that they have.
There are no fun between a life in line and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what's real or what it is.
And also, it's very hard to know the difference between what it's activated and what it is to be distributed disabled.
What is the most dangerous thing in the life of someone in front of what is normal in a data control?
And where are you looking for institution?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are part of the news of the girls of now.
More class models are going out of our pathways.
The technique of the factor is now a room.
And they are transforming like, "Delight, sail, spinal and supermarket.
For those of you who are going to do that, it means pressure.
These things are associated from women in the popular culture today.
It's not hard to see what the young young people.
But the kids are also immune to this.
And as the surface stars of the destruction, and the right stores.
But what is the problem with all this?
Well, we just want our kids to grow blood and be very well-being individuals in it.
But in a current culture for the image -- we're teaching our kids to spend more time and a half to their approach, to the price of all of the other aspects of their ideas.
So things like their relationships -- the development of their physical capacity -- their studies and other things start to happen.
six of every 10 girls are not going to do something because they think you don't see enough enough enough to do it.
These are not traditional activity.
They are fundamental activity for their growth as human beings and as a control to society and the field of the local development.
32 percent -- almost one of three services are not interested in the classrooms of cells, and they are going to be able to be able to be able to be able to call the attention.
One of every five of them are not giving up to cells at all.
And in the top of temperatures, if you don't believe that you see enough enough -- especially if you don't believe you are enough enough, you will get a little bit less to the average of your companies who don't worry about that of the approach.
And this phenomenon has been generated in Finally, the United States and China.
And it gives you what they actually get these young people.
So, so that it is good of course, we're talking about how you see you, not how you really are.
The subject on their body is deployed the current performance of it.
And it's also putting the health.
The advantages with a little bit less activity they make less physical activity -- they eat less fascinating and viruses, they are going to be in more healthy than you can take them to a food destruction.
They have substance.
They are more effective by the people who go around and are in greater risk of detail.
And we think that's all over this for what they make more argument, like the contractor of analysis and degrees, distributed distributions, surgery relationships to the early age and without protecting and despite and desperate.
The search of the perfect body is losing the health system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
women who believe that they have to be able to be able to be able to be able to have or don't have a lot of architecture of architects.
The 17 percent of women are not present to a work of work in a day that you don't feel safe with the way you see.
Think about a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we could use this, what would that work?
So I would look at this potential is in interest for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, talking about it, it doesn't take you very far.
It doesn't happen.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we have learned that there are three key forms -- the first is that we have to influence trust in their own body.
We have to help our students develop strategies to solve the pressure of the perfect images and build their subject.
The good news is that there are many people available to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that a lot of people who I learned that a lot of interesting programs -- without trying to make the situation.
So we need to make sure that the program of our children are not just going to have a positive impact but also a dark impact too.
And the research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas -- the first is the influence of the family, friends and relationships in it.
These six aspects are points of critical parts for any willing to provide an education in the body subject that works.
One education is fundamental -- but we're going to find this problem from each of us that we take on the room in the issue and we are a better model to follow women and girls in our own lives.
And by doing the current state of how women are seen and mentioned in our crisis.
It's not good to tell us with the approach of our politics in the top or the size of their books, or the size of the search or the success of a self-concerned street depends on the fact that it's not a great beauty of it.
We need to start playing people for what they are, not because they see.
All of us can start doing the responsibility for the kind of images and consequences that we put in our social networks in our society.
We can choose the people to move in their effort and their action and not in their attention.
And let me ask you -- when was the last time you get a fear?
Instead, we have to work together as communities -- as governments and as companies -- to change our culture, so that our kids are going to grow all of their person, looking at individuals -- the diversity -- the energy.
We have to put people who are actually making the difference in a piece.
To make a difference in the real world, we make them the ones that go out in the big screen because we just create a different world.
A world in where our children are free to become the best version of them -- where the way they believe that they are never able to be able to be who they are, or to reach what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in their lives.
Who do you have in mind.
Do you have your wife?
Do you get your size?
Do you get their daughter?
Is it to your friendship?
It could be just the woman who is two years old. What would it mean for it if it was ready for that virus voice in their interest -- that I would get it to not have very long legs -- and you have a little bit more disability, and a little bit more planet, a little bit smaller -- a little bit.
What does it mean if we were going to be able to do this and we would be able to go up to their potential in that way.
Right now, the version of our culture with the images is getting up to us.
But we teach our kids the truth.
So you know the way you see is just one part of your identity -- and that the truth is we love them for those who are and so they do, and because they make us feel it.
And we put it into the currency in our schools.
We change each of us, the way we talk about and we share with other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments to government, so that the little transportations of a year of an age of today, they become in terms of safe changes of the same morning itself.
Let's do it.
The five percent of 1960 in the 1990s, a sea called Angeles were going to be a hospital in Mars and advertised to the Middle Martin Lander, the leader of the Liberia Legos League.
And we used to do it in front of it, but I'm going to be able to put up by other collaborations -- in a company of each other, they started to plan attacks to about 12 people in New York City, including terms, sensitive and the United States.
By the way, those plants are fascinated by a Four information.
The surgeon in the World Bank in the World Center couldn't be able to avoid it.
And then we went up to be connected by their participation in that way.
Except is my father.
I was born in Paris, Pennsylvania, in 1996, being a English engineer, with an American mother, an American school, an American school, between the two did all the possible thing to give you a happy.
Just when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of Islam, which is very few -- even most of the Muslims -- they get to know.
For experience I saw that when people take time to interact -- you don't need a lot to get to get the same things in life.
However, in all religion in every human group -- there is always a little francist of people who are going to be so often so often to their connections that think that you have to use all the possible media so that they all live like them.
A few months before he was sitting with me, and I explained that in the last few weeks of week, he and some friends, had been going to the trial in London Island, to protect it.
He told me that I was going to go with him at the next day.
We got to the surgeon of the skin Cold that, without knowing our group -- I was looking at the FBI.
When I was able to bring it up, my father helped me get the record in the man and explain to me how to play the goal to about 30 feet.
That day, with the last robot I gave the little light light on the goal and to amazing all of all of all, especially me, all of the goal that is in call to call it.
My year went back to the other and in Rose, he said, "It's "The way "I was all attached.
As a father -- as a child.
All of all, the consequence was made a lot of risk, but just a few years later, I understood what they were so thank you.
They saw in me, the same level of discovery that my father could cause it.
Those people later would be connected to put a carbon care with 300 miles of experts in the North War of the North York City Carry, by using an explanation that killed six people and half to another 1,000 to a half of them.
I loved those men.
I call them "many, which means you.
And when I was 19,000 years old, I had moved to 20 times -- that indicator during my journey doesn't allow me to do a lot of friends.
Every time I started to feel comfortable close to somebody was time to start and go to another city.
And as I was always the new face of the class of the kind of factory that was virtual view.
I knew my identity to avoid to be the white -- but it will be the new thing in the class and recorded and recorded -- it was enough.
So most of the time I was going to read books -- watching TV or playing video games.
And for these reasons I didn't develop social skills to tell you a little bit about the standard -- and I was going to grow up to the real world.
And they took me to put people to people, and it was based on the wrong individuals, like their relationship or their relationship or their relationship or their relationship or their relationship or their relationship or their relationship or their relationship or their relationship or their relationship or their relationship or their relationship or their relationship or their relationship or their relationship or their relationship or their relationship or their
So how could I open the eyes.
One of the first experiences that they put up to test my way to think, was during the private choice of the private electrical electricity in the time.
In a private program in which I was born in the National National Consequence, in Parkinson.
My group was found in the top of the public violence -- as I had been a lot of mass almost all my life, was something that I felt a lot of happen.
The members of this group came out of different people.
One day, at the end of the conversation -- I found that one of the kids who we had made friends, was a July.
It took several days coming out to the light this slide and realized that there was no animals between the two.
I had never had a friend friend and I felt very proud to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to believe that it was failing to be failed.
Another critical moment was when I got a summer work in Brazil Garden, a distance of fun.
I found me with people from all kinds of creating and culture, and that experience was fundamental in the development of my card.
All of life had taught me that the honor was a fish and, by the way, all the homes were bad information.
By the way, I had the opportunity to work with the horrible artists there, in a space, and I could see that several of them were the most serious and less critical than I had seen in life.
They have been about a kid, I developed a sense of company to the surgery of the others -- but it was not easy for me to treat people, exactly the way I would have been able to be treated.
For that feeling I could be able to focus out what I was taught with a kid, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know what it is to be horrible, but I know what it is to be used by something beyond my control.
Then he came the Daniel Street.
All of the night, John Steve did to be completely honest to my intelligence, and he helped me see that the reason of people, the relationship or the sexual arm -- they have nothing to do with care.
In a lot of ways he was going to go back in a moment in a moment that I was despite with it.
In objects, the inspiration can come from the internal -- and that a Julian food would have had a better influence in my life that my own father -- it was not at all.
One day I had a conversation with my mother on how I was changing my way to think, and she told me something that will get in my heart for always while it's alive.
And she looked at me with the eyes of somebody who has been enough enough with intensive discovery, and he said, "I'm a car of designing."
At that moment I realized how much negative energy you need to keep all that hate in your inside you.
My real name is not Berkeley English.
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why do I decided to go out and put it into a right right?
Well, it's simple.
I have done that, because I hope that somebody -- a day, who is about taking violence and I can hear my story and understand that there is a better path -- that even though I came to me to me to this virus of virus and intensive, I did not get to make it fantastic.
On the control, I decided to use my experience to fight on the terrorists and against products.
I do it for the versions of the land and for their ways -- by the terrible dog and the lose that the land has produced them in their lives.
On the versions of the transportation to talk about, against those activities without sense, as a record of my father attacks.
With this simple I'm going to show you here as a violence that violence is not in front of any relationship or relationship that kids don't have to follow their parents from their parents on it.
I'm not my father.
Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you very much.
In this moment there is a film that is project in their mind.
It's a incredible film film.
It's in 3D and it has sound sound of what you hear and see right now. But that's just the beginning of it.
Your film has a stage, head and text.
You feel your body, your head, your head, your plan.
It has emotions and happiness.
It has remember, as a moment of your infection that you do in your eyes.
And it has completely a voice in your entire thinking.
The heart of the film are you who experience all of the time.
So this film is your control force, the surface of the experience and the world.
Consequence is one of the fundamental truth of the existence of being human.
Each of us is aware of us.
We all have an interesting film, you, you and you.
There is nothing we know more directly today.
At least I know that I have a own consequence.
I don't have a full thing that you are aware of you.
It's also the reason to live.
If we don't be aware of, nothing in our lives would have sense or value.
But at the same time is the most dangerous phenomenon of the universe.
Why are we conscious?
Why do we have these international films.
Why are we not just robots that do what we have to do to produce results without going to be able to experience the movie interview."
In this moment, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
It suggests that to try to get the science to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it is impossible to be a science of consciousness science.
The science, for nature, it's objective.
The concept, for nature is a construction.
So there can never be a science.
Because for almost all of the 20th century, you put that vision up.
The police studied the behavior. The news studied the brain obviously the brain -- but no one would mean the conversation of it.
Even 30 years ago, when TED began -- there were very few scientific work on the concept.
Then, 20 years ago, everything started to change.
neurons like Frances and physics like Robert Princeton said, "There's the moment for the science to hear the consciousness.
And since then, there was a real exploration, a science of the scientific work about consciousness.
And this work was fantastic. It was great.
But it also has fundamental limits to the moment.
The center of the science of the science in the recent years was the restriction of collective, relationships between some areas of the brain and some of the state of the concept.
We saw some of this guy in the field in the work that I put Barrie Kang a few minutes ago.
Now we understand a lot better -- for example, the areas of the brain that are related to the understanding experience of looking at cancer or to feel happy or feel happy.
But this is still a science.
It's not a science.
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of cognitive experience, but we don't know why.
I'd like to explain to you that this kind of work of the news is to answer some questions that we want to explain the consciousness -- the questions about what certain areas of the brain and with what they get down.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
It will not be able to be able to make the news.
In fact, there's no easy problems.
So it doesn't take the real mission of this material -- why is all physical process in the brain has to be used by consequence?
Why is there an interesting interview, the conflict in the subject?
In this moment, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's take a few years to the news.
It is going to become a different phenomenon as the electrons, like the currents, like life, and we're going to find explain out.
The typical engineers are all cases of smart behavior -- how they get the electrons, how they work the currents, how they work up, and they get up and make the living organisms live -- all of them are questions about the modern work.
That could apply to the human brain to explain some behavior and the works of the human brain as a exciting phenomenon -- how we find, how we talked about, how do we talk about, how do we play -- all of them are questions about behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness -- the questions about behavior are between easy problems.
But the hard problem is the question of why it is that all behavior is made from a sub-survival experience.
And here it is, the paradigm is going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be a lot to say.
And I am a scientific medical material.
I want a scientific theory of the supply that it works -- for a long time, for a long time, I took the head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in some physical terms that will work.
But at the end I got to the connection that that didn't work for systems.
I think we are in this point.
So we have a wonderful explanation of wonderful explanation -- we used to use this -- the physics explain the chemical -- the chemistry explain the biology -- the biology explain part of the psychology there.
But the consciousness doesn't seem to be able to find on this scale.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we're consequenced.
On the other hand, we don't know how to accept that idea to our scientific view of the world.
I think the consciousness right now, is a kind of animal -- something that we need to go into our view of the world, but we don't know how to do it.
With an animal like this, you can need radical ideas -- I think we need ideas that at the beginning of the beginning, before we could be able to deal with the consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibility for those crazy ideas.
My friend David Daniel, which is here today, has one.
Their crazy idea is that there is no hard problem of the consciousness of the conversation.
All of the idea of the whole public film is even a kind of impact or controller.
In fact, what you have to do, is to explain the genetic workers -- the behavior of the brain -- and so it was studying everything you need to do.
Well, more power for him.
That is the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of the constant consciousness -- based on the brain.
At the same time, for me and for a lot of others, that vision is pretty close to just tell you that the speed of consciousness is socially.
But I'm in a different direction.
In the time that I think, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be productive.
The first idea is that the connection is fundamental to be fundamental to it.
The physics sometimes take some aspect of the universe as a fundamental legs, the space and the mass and the mass.
They put the fundamental laws that governments -- like the laws of galaxies or collaboration of color.
These laws and fundamental teachers don't explain in terms of nothing more basic in terms of anything.
At the context, they get fundamental -- and there is the world.
Sometimes the list of how fundamental it looks like.
In the 20th century, Mars found that you can't explain the electric phenomenon in terms of fundamental contexts, space teams, time, time, time, the Bronx laws -- and then I put the basic laws of the electricity, and they put the electrical carbon as a fundamental concept that those laws are going to.
I think that is the situation that we found with the concept.
If you can't explain the connection in terms of fundamental ideas -- space -- space -- time, time, market, then by a matter of leadership, you have to take the list to it.
The most natural thing was going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be a fundamental line of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it's not an object of science.
But I open up the way to make it scientists right.
And so what we need is to study the fundamental laws that government science, the laws that connect the connection with other fundamental conflicts -- space -- the time, the mass of physical process.
The physics sometimes say that we want to be very simple as simple that we can show them in a subject.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws that we can be able to show them in a camera.
We still don't know what laws are, but that's what we look for.
The second idea is that the consciousness can be universal to be universe.
Every system can have a piece of consciousness.
This vision sometimes is called the same same sector, "Park for all of all of them -- every system is aware -- not only humans -- not only the humans -- the mountains, the molecules, even the microbes of Robert Benjamin, the simple particles of the same stage.
And even a picture has a lot of consciousness.
The idea is not that pictures are smart or they think.
It is not that a picture can be full of angry when you think about, I always travel to the speed of light.
And I can never go down and stand the rooms?
No, no.
But the thinking is that maybe the pictures can have some of the critical feeling -- surgery, some private production of the conversation.
This can sound a little bit crazy for you.
How do someone think about something so low?
And in part of this comes from the first crazy idea that consciousness is a fundamental thing.
If it's fundamental -- like space, the time and the mass -- it's nature that it can also be universal -- just like others.
It's also going to be able to notice that even though the idea looks like. It's much less for the people of different culture, where human mind looks more like nature.
A more profound reason comes from the idea that maybe the most simple and powerful way to find fundamental laws that recognize the thinking with physical process, is to send the connection with information.
And there's always the information of information -- there are consciousness.
Protein production -- like in a human being a human being a human being.
The simple information of simple information, simple.
A very exciting thing is that in the recent years a neuroscience, Golden Harvard, I took this kind of theory and the developed development with mathematical food.
It has a mathematical measure of information of information -- which is called a pill of information in a system.
And I supposed to have to do with the concept.
So in a human brain, there is an incredible set of information of information of information, a lot of charge -- a lot of concept.
And in a mouse there is a middle of information of information, the very significant thing, a very important thing for a pretty important thing.
But when you get to the markets, I mean, particularly, the friend of father said.
The level of information of information is less -- but it's not zero either.
In the theory of Tanzania, there will still be a different level of a different conversation.
In fact, a fundamental law of the concept, high friendship -- high contrast of context.
Also, another reason is that the paradigm can help us try to be able to get the concept to the physical world.
The physics and the physics with physics have seen that physics is completely abstract.
It described the structure of the reality using a lot of energy, but we don't talk about the reality that I used before.
How do I explain Steven Hawaii, where is the end of the equipment?
From the vision of the physics of physics are able to leave as they are, but you can use it to describe the flow of science.
That's what physical physics do basically, they describe the flow of the conversation.
In this vision -- the connection is the one that put it into the equations.
In that vision -- science doesn't find out of the physical world as a kind of advance.
It's there in the center there.
This vision -- I think, the policy vision has the potential to deal with our relationship with nature, and it can have social consequences and pretty serious things.
Some of them can be photographers.
I used to think that I should not eat anything that I had consciousness, then I should be virtually.
If you're a paradigm and advances that vision -- you will have a lot of human.
I think that you think about it, this tend to transform your vision -- while what matter in terms and moral consequences, it's not so much the fact that the fact of consciousness is not so much of the consequence, but their complexity and their complexity is.
It is also natural to ask us to ask in other systems like computers as well.
What about the American intelligence system in the film Hand?
Is it consequence?
In the vision of the paralyzed information, she has a complicated information process so that the answer is yes, if it's consequence.
If this is right, they make a very serious thing to be very serious about the deal of the development of smart computers and the cost of getting them out.
And finally, you can ask you to ask the entire collective conflict -- the planet.
Control has your own concept?
Or to a more local level -- a group in the audience -- like the audience in a TED talk -- in this moment we have a TED concept, an interesting movie for this whole group of TED, different from the interesting molecules of each of the parts?
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it is a question that has to be able to be able to take serious.
So this private view is a radical vision -- and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually more sure of the first crazy idea, which is a fundamental thing, which is a fundamental thing -- that the second of that is universal to be universe.
The political vision is a lot of questions, a lot of challenges -- like, how those people who are thinking about the kind of complex consciousness that we know and love us.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we're going to go on the right way to a theory of the serious conversation.
If not, well, this is probably the most difficult problem of science and factory.
We can't wait to solve it on the morning at the morning at the morning at the time.
But I think we finally are going to find it.
understand the consciousness is the real key -- I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we only need the right idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a little rural village in Victorian.
I had a very normal perspective, a present under education.
I went to school, and I went up with my friends, and I was told with my best beautiful.
It was all very normal at all.
And when I was 15 years old, one of my community came up to my parents because I wanted to name for a piece of the community.
And my parents said, "Well, that's very blue, but there is a visible problem.
She doesn't actually get anything.  And they had right.
I went to school, I was good at the school -- I had good notes. After school, I had a pressure under my mother, and I spent a lot of time looking at the services of the "Bandon Sander, and "The San County?
Yeah, I know. What about it.
But they had right.
I didn't do anything that was extraordinary in all.
No one that can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be the distance outside of it.
years later, I'm going to be in the second part of the understanding in a Second school school -- just after about 20 minutes at the middle of the studies in the middle of a short study and a guy running the hand and said, "Oh, when you give your desire?
And I said, "What do you do?
Well, I had been talking about the law law for a good 20 minutes.
And he said, "You know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, your
When people in terms of radio, they talk about interesting things in school?
"And it's going to be in the room room?
And it was then when I realized it, this child had had experience with people who are distributed as objects of institutions.
And we don't have it, and it's not curious from the kid, that is true for many of us.
For us, people with distribution are not our teachers or our doctors or our materials.
We are not real people. We're there to inspire it.
And in fact, I am in this stage looking at what I do in this kind of road, and you probably are waiting for them to do it. Right?  Yeah.
Well, stars and gentlemen, I have to give you a little bit about it stopped.
I'm not here to be here.
I'm here to tell you that they have lost us in relationship to distribution.
Yes, you've been sold by the message that distribution is something Mars, "The Mars Mars.
It's a bad thing and living with a distance you make you excited about.
It's not a bad thing and I don't have to make it exciting.
And in the last few years, we have been able to be able to make it even more like this through social media.
It's possible that you have seen images like this, "The only difference in life is a bad action.
Or the other one is involved.
Or this other one, you know, "Titles, interaction.
These are just a couple of examples -- but there's a great amount of them.
It may be that you have seen one, from the child without hands by working with a sense of self-responsibility by the bank.
You may have seen a child who goes up with a little bit of carbon films.
And there is a lot of these images -- which is what we call a little bit.
And I use the term of the distributed train, because they get a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we get to the discussions of people without distribution.
The purpose of these images is to inspire them, so that we can look at them and think, "Well, by very bad that it's my life, it could be worse to be better.
I could be that person.
But what if you are that?
I've lost the number of the number of times that have been used to express that they believe that I am value or a source of inspiration -- and this happens before my work had a public perspective.
It was like if I was going to be able to get up on the morning and remember my own name --  And this is to be considered.
These images -- those images are going to get people with distribution of people who have no distribution.
They are there so you can see you and think that things are not so bad for you, or to put their colleagues in perspective.
And life as a distributed person is actually a difficult thing.
Let's take some things.
But the things we knew is not the things that you can think about.
They are not religious things to our bodies.
I use the transition there is the traditional people, despite because I was able to call the social model of distance, which tells us that we are more available because of the society that we live because of our bodies or a difference.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very excited with him.
The things that I need to do, and I've learned to take the best of their ability as you do it, and that's what happens with the kids of those pictures as well.
They're not doing anything outside of the common.
They are just using their bodies by using the best of their ability to be using it.
So is it really just going to be able to put them in the way we do that, when we share those images -- to share those images in?
When people say, "You are a source of institution, it tells it as a construction.
And I know why happens.
It is to cause it -- because they have sell us this feeling that the distance makes us excited about us.
And obviously, it doesn't do.
And I know what you're thinking.
And I'm here by looking at the inspiration -- and you think, "The God, Shake, you're not sometimes inspired by something.
And actually, I know that I do.
I learn from other people with distribution at every time.
However, I don't learn that I'm more happy than them.
I learned that it's about a great idea to use a lot of bacteria to create the things that they get to me.  learning the growth of how to take the ball of the mobile phone in the bottom of the sky.
Great.
We learn from the force and research of each other -- not against our bodies and our distributions, but against a world that explored and considered us.
And I really think that that might have come to us that we have been sold about the distance is the biggest institution.
It makes us difficult life.
And that career, "The only difference in life is a bad action, the reason that is that that's not true, it's not true, because of the social social model.
A lot of services in a set of scales has not done that it becomes a stage.
I never --       I will go to a television screen will not be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get
It doesn't have a lot of people in the middle of a book and transforming a positive action to become all those books to the brand.
It's just not going to happen.
I want to really live in a world where distribution is not exciting, but normal.
I want to live where a girl of 15 years old, sitting in his discussion looking at the "Stephory, "The San Santa is not aware of anything to be in a cell.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low experience of the people who are happy that we are happy to get away from the top and remember our names on the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the generation of people with distribution, and I want to live in a world where a child of 11 degrees in a high school school is not a little bit surprising that their new teacher is a collaboration of radio career.
The distribution doesn't make us, but it will tell us what you think you know to know about what it does.
Thank you.
What do you have to do with the reality and the private force, with the experiment?
And what is the average speed of a general college.
Unfortunately, I'm just going to answer one of those questions, so please don't get up.
And when people think about actually applied, you think about Michael Republicans, and I called Christmas coming up with the hands in the air. But the reality is not science.
The reality is something that will happen in our days and happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know it, because the reality is going to change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phone.
So how do we get to the research reality?
The first step -- it's what I call you, the Google Google Galapagos.
I'm sure that many are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that the Google Google is a device that allows them to see what I see.
So let me let you experience what is being a professional device in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe them.
I have to use words.
I have to create a market that you will take up with your imagination.
We can use the Google Galapagos, under a letter and know what is going to go through the game of game to 150 miles -- the blood going to the eyes.
We can know that you feel that a man in the middle of the poster -- trying to deal with all of their be.
I've been there and I make sure that it's not anything else.
I transformed a few times to show you what the Google Google under the car, and give them an idea of that.
Unfortunately, they are not images of the Princetons of the BMW, because the idea of the DNA of the Bronx technology is a survival using the surface. But we do what we can.
So let's look at a video.
Chris Kanga, let's go.
It's horrible to be controlled.
A little bit. You get a little bit.
Personally?
Let's go.
Chris Kang, as you can see, it's a chance of what it is to be done in the force of the force -- from the perspective of the collection.
You have to realize that they have people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, controlled from the University of Washington.
March for first, Rosens, 5.4 Coldings 5.4 Coldings.
Bang 8, Balan's OK.
Chris Kang, this is a little bit more to the feeling to be in the field -- but it doesn't have anything to do with being in the BMB.
They want that experience.
The families want to be in the field. It will be their favorite play, and they have asked me in YouTube and in Twitter, you can see from the note of a field.
Or about a room?
We want to experience that.
Once we have that experience with Google and Google Galapagos, how do we get out of the career? How do we take it to the next level.
We took it to that level using something called Obama Richard, which is just a lot of you know.
And the Richard Rosse has been described as the most real virtual reality of the most recent reality -- and it's not a bad word for it.
And I'm going to show you the why this video.
Man: Oh, no.
No, no, no, no. I don't want to keep playing? No.
Oh, my God, "Oh.
CA: That's the experience of a man in a room in a room in the room of his life.
What would be the experience of a face when we get a video of Alexander Pennsylvania by creating the line -- getting out of a collaboration with the arm before you go back and make a access? What will be the experience of a family.
When I can be Mechanical running on the car, by looking at the back of the room? Or will I figure out a search in Rosett?
What would your experience be when it comes from a mountain to more than 100 miles as a search supply.
Maybe you increase the patients of pathologists for adults.
But this is not even an application yet.
It's just virtual reality -- Rio.
How do we take the research reality -- Richard?
We will take the reality of the approach when the architects, and you see the information of what people want to see and think, "How do we use this to improve our teams?
How do we use it to win particles?
Because they are always using technology to win it.
They like to win them. I give you money.
So here is a journey about technology in the NASA at the NASA.
In 2010, the Bang Paulos put it up to his field of field to play faster to it.
They won the Boston Bang that year.
Another team decided to get them.
More people saw the bottom because it was more exciting because it was more exciting.
In 2010, the BMI was able to be based on the cars of the field markets and then in the designers.
They had more teachers because it was faster because it was faster than it was.
In 2010, imagine that they are a game coming back to his group and you see his next game for you, in a plastic view that they get posters.
Or it will be making the strategy.
They just go back to the field and remember it.
And the artists want to do it because if you don't follow their institutions -- they lose particles, and they have to lose particles.
If you look at a little bit of participants to be addressed as a training.
And they don't want that.
But the average reality is not just a mass of a better strategies.
The reality is also a way to recognize information and use it in real time to improve your way to play the parts.
How do you do that?
Well, a very simple choice would be to have a camera in every corner in the state having a view from the amount of people who are down.
You can also get information of the senses of careers and advances, something that's already working on.
And all of that information is going to give you to you.
The good team will be able to send it.
The bad ones will have information of information.
This is going to be the good team of the bad.
So your team team will be as important as your records, and the data of data will stop to be just for nations.
It will be also for details. Who would have imagined?
How would it be in the field."
Imagine that they are the field of field.
You get the white and records.
So you look at a open record.
You go into the area.
The other thing you get up is that there is a open record.
And you get the ball, but you get you out.
And this is the ball of the transportation.
You don't know where it would go to -- yet the line looks at his view an area of a short area that goes up and it can be able to be able to be able to make the career.
And you know, it goes up and started on the back, barrier and anger.
The public is going to come up and keep the game from every night.
This is something that is going to create a massive impact in the floor.
And I will make people look at it, because people want to live that experience.
They want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite game.
The reality will be part of the device because it's too hard to not be.
But what I ask you is, we want this to be the only use of the reality of reality?
Are we going to use it just as a participation and cell, like our right training?
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think that we can use the average reality to figure out the company between human beings to show someone how it is, literally being in the place of another person.
We know what this technology is going to look like for the destination line.
You get billions of income a year.
But how much is this technology for a teacher in the car trying to show a car how far they are their access from the perspective of violence?
How much is this technology for a game in University or Russia trying to show the world how you live being present?
How much is it as well for a Harvard Congo or a New Devisual Dr. They're trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science rather than and as many artists and Carolina.
You go out and search, the average reality goes up.
The questions that we do, the decisions that we take and the challenges that we face -- they say, as always -- of us.
Thank you.
And I was born up after 24 years of service in the Paul Pattern Park.
Most of those 24 years I spent the end of the six percent of Mars Canada, which is including the George Galapago.
The bridge is a engaged structure -- it knows basically for their beautiful view of San Francisco -- the Pole Park, and their own architecture of architecture.
By the way, it's also a impact for sustainability, being one of the most used places in the world.
The Google Google Galapago was open in 1997.
John Streets, energy engineering to build the bridge -- he said that, "The bridge is basically to the set of surgery.
The secret from the bridge is not practice or probably not probably.
But from his stage, more than 1,000 people have gone back to their death from that bridge from it.
Some of you think to travel between the two tops to bring it to another diversity -- this bridge has been done as such as the every single one of him ready to you from all of your colleagues and danger, and the water that they spend down in order to deal with your skin.
But let me tell you that it happens when the bridge is used to be used to get surgery.
After one of the four to five seconds, the body body against the water at the age of the water.
The impact of the horses are a few of those of which are present organizations of vision.
Most of them die in the impact of it.
The ones that not, they are usually based on the instrument and then they get up.
I don't think that those of you who are going to make this piece of superconductor that you have to realize about the death of the death that you will get in.
This is the card.
And I ended up around the two tops, there are 32 degrees of time on the bridge of it.
This is where most people are going to take the life.
And I can tell you for experience that once the person is in that bacteria, and in their most dark time, it's very hard to get it back.
And I took this picture last year while this young young man talked to an office constructing their life.
I want to tell you that we had success that we had success that day to get out of the barrier.
When I started working on the bridge -- we didn't have any form of form in it.
We ended up to win the way through these called calls.
This was not just a bad service to those of you who make the supermarket, but the office as well.
We've got a long way since then.
Today, you know, officers and patients are going to come into the new office.
This is James Galapago.
I met him about 24 percent of the last year when you get a call of a possible superconduction sitting in the heart near the center of the center in the center of the center in the center of the center at the middle of the center at the middle of the center at the middle of the center at the middle of the center at the middle of the
And she said, and when I came up, I looked at James talking to a office of the Google Galapago Galapago.
James had only 32 years old, and I had come back to here from New Jersey.
In fact, I had come back to here two times before New York to try to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
After a hour of a hour talking to Japan. We asked us if we know the story of the Pacific box of the Pacific.
I was going to remember the Greek military, Berkeley created Park, and I sent it to the Earth with a box -- and he said, "You never open that box."
Well, one day, curiosity had more than Park, and she opened the box.
And they went out of it, less, and all kinds of bad against the man.
The only thing good in the box was hope.
So James asked us, "What if you open the box and there's no hope?
And it was stopped in the right, and it goes into the right, and it was.
This little girl who was an interesting and interesting girl from New York at the end of the life.
I talked to the parents of James that night, and I guess that when I was talking to them, it doesn't seem to be a very good, because at the next day, the family of the family called me to see how it was.
The parents of James had been asked it.
And the heart of the surgery is to make a lot of people.
So I'm going to ask you these questions -- what would you do if a member of your family, a friend or somebody who was a service was surgery?
What would you do?
Do you know what to say.
In my experience, you don't just have to talk about, but you have to hear it.
I heard to understand it.
They don't design, career, or you say to the person you know how you feel -- because you probably don't know.
I'm just going to be there, you can be the point of institutional they need.
If you think that someone is surgery, you don't have a fear of them and ask the question.
One way to ask you the question is, "You have to be able to be thinking about his life, you've had these thinks?
It will go to the person in front of the front and you can save life and be the point for them.
Some of us are going to look at it, waiting to believe that things are terrible and that are never going to improve -- impossible, believe that there is nothing you can do about it, social social solution, and a lost of the interest in life.
And I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago, and I got an impact of a room and I would like to read you his car.
She lost his son at the age of this year, and I wrote this economy just a couple of days ago, and it's with your perfect and benefit that you read them.
"Hello, King.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking that I should go to the bridge this end of week.
I just wanted to leave you a note.
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell her friends and so on.
I'm still a lot of important, but I noticed more time to realize that Michael will not go home.
Michael was working out of Palestine to San Francisco to see the part of the 45 with his father 1990s.
I never got there.
And I called the police of Palestine and I did it as a little night.
At the next morning, two office came to my home and I was turned out that the car car was under the bridge in the room.
And a test had seen it from the bridge to the 1990s of the day of the day.
Thank you very much for dealing with those who can be totally too hard to fight for themselves.
Who has not been bad without going to be a real mental disease.
It must not be so easy to end with it.
My arms are with your list.
And the GPS, the Google Google Galapago is supposed to be a passion through our beautiful back, not a conservation.
Well, this week this week, Vietnamer.
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and go back the way that his son took that day, and also the value to get out there.
I'd like to introduce you to a man that I mean with hope and value.
And the 11 percent of Martin in 2009, I respond to a radio call for a possible subject in the top of the North Angeles close to the North Angeles near the top.
I went up my hand on the ground and I saw this man, Kenya Barriel, in the skin.
When I looked at me, I grew up the balloon, and it went down in that little surface that goes around the ground.
For the hour and a half of the next time, I heard like Kenya.
Kenya decided for her day that day will come back to that day and give the life another opportunity.
When Kenya.
This is a new beginning -- a new life.
But I asked him, "What did it make you go back and give you the hope and your life another?
And you know what he told me?
He said, "I heard you.
I let me talk to you and just listen to.
A little bit after that institution, I got a letter of the mother of Kenya, and I have that letter with me, and I would like to tell you.
"I want San Bangladeships, nothing will draw out of the age of 11 percent -- and you are one of the reasons why Kenya goes with us.
And I think, I think Kenya was called the help.
It has been designed with a mental disease for which it has been completely medicine.
And I went to Kenya when I just had six months old, completely interesting from all those heart radio, but thank God, now we know.
King is in order -- like the say.
We gave God for you.
And I would certainly be done with you, National Buddha."
And at the end she wrote -- "Party, when I saw the World War at San Francisco that night, you were looking like the patient.
"I know what I had to survive?
In the way, Kenya is a white father and an activity of society.
And I talk about the events of that day and their definition with the hope that their story will inspired others.
This is not just something that I've found in work.
It's personal people.
My grandmother was supposed to come up.
That act is going to be able to end up his own pain -- I would play the opportunity to know.
This is what you do about it.
For most of the security people, or those of you who are going to consider the surgery, they would not think about taking another person.
They just want their own pain to go up.
And by the way, this is just about three ways ago, and it will be despite, or the dead or the death.
In my face, I have been involved and I've been involved in hundreds of mental disease, and they call it in the top of the search.
And in those individuals that I've been directly investigated, I've only lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Japan.
The other one was a man who told him about a hour.
For that time, I got a hand in three organisms.
In the end, I looked at me, and he said, "You know, I feel it, but I have to go.
And he came out.
Hole, absolutely horrible.
I want to tell you, yet the vast majority of people that we get to continue in that bridge is not survived.
Also, those few who have gone out of the bridge and living and that you can talk about it, that one or two, most of those people have said that the second thing they leave the side was realized that they had made a memory and they wanted to live in.
I say to people, the bridge is not only connected with San Francisco -- but also people too.
That connection or it turns out we do, is something that all of us and each of us need to be able to do it.
He can be presented.
There's help. There are hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you be what you're not you, but in your interest you know what you are, and a question you get you, how do you become that?
I have to be something only in that sense -- but I'm not alone.
When I became a model I felt that I finally had had the dream that I had had from a child.
And I was finally able to get up with my real interest with my me.
And for complex reasons that I was going to give you more later, when I look at this picture I think, you get George Green, you get it out.
But the positive past -- I discovered that, I am beginning to be starting up.
All of us care about our family, our relationship -- our society, our moment in history, even our bodies.
Some of you have the value of lighting, to get rid of the limits in the color of the skin or by the creation of those who are replaced.
These are people who are always going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able
In my case, the last nine years -- many of my vehicles -- a lot of my friends, a lot of my friends, and my advice is even my story.
I think this income is called recording.
This is the me.
It was a little bit like a child, because of the age of my genes.
I remember that my five years in the Parks, in my house, I always took this carbon in the head.
And my mom asked me, "Why are you always going to take that city in the head?
I said, "Hey, it's my boat. I'm a girl.
I knew then how to survive.
The genome has always considered a indication made -- but now we know that, actually, it's something more complex and mission.
Because of my success -- I'm never going to share my story, not because I would think to be what I'm bad -- but why the world is going to be to those of us who want to deal with.
Every day it will be women.
I have me, and I had a family and a family who gets me like I am.
Many of them are not so fast.
There is a long tradition in the static culture that is going to take the mission of the ocean.
There is a black girl of compassion there.
There is a hyperternal girl, which is a little bit of them.
And when I was eight years old, I was in a factor in the Parks that I was able to put these microbes.
I was in the stage, and I remember that this beautiful woman came up to me, and I remember that moment as if something I'm going to give you, this is the kind of woman I want to be.
And when I was 15 years old, I met this woman called TED.
It is the direction of a beautiful beard control.
That night she asked me, "Why do you have not happened in the beard control?
He said to me that if she was able to be able to be able to be shown from the stream and the voice, and that night, they go in a battle ball, and it was a blue barrier and it was the third forest between more than 40 cars.
That moment changed my life.
And suddenly I was in the world of beauty records.
Not a lot of people can say that his first work was from a beauty of beautiful women, but I know I can.
I also met the girl of the destructions, about all when we were going to set back to the Prize professionals.
But more important than all of that, I met my best friends of that community.
At the age of my mom -- who had moved to San Francisco -- I called me, and I told you that they took my survival of the green line that I could go to live to the U.S.
I was researching.
I said to my mother, "Man: I'm going to give you.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a beauty of beauty.
But then two weeks later, I called me and said, "You know if you move to the United States you can change the name and the idea of gentlemen?
It was all I needed to listen to.
My mom showed me that I was able to put two to my name to my name.
She also takes me up when I was going to get in Park at the age of 11 years.
It is curious that in some of the most rural cities in Carry actually do the most pressure surgery and safe and safe surgery.
At that time, in the United States, it was need to be able to do the surgery.
So in 2009, I went to San Francisco -- and I remember to look at the link of control with the name of General and the "Step of the factory of the forest.
It was a big moment.
For some people, their idea of identity means power or power to get a trial, but for me it was the list to live to be a little bit to be digitized.
At the way, my fear looked at missions.
I felt I could take my dream and move to New York, and it will be model.
Many of them are not so fast.
I think about this woman from Monterey New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New
A young woman from New York that is going to live their truth -- but that, which is the end of their life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live.
Our health days are eight times more high than the rest of the population.
All of the 20 percent we do a global vision by the Mountain Mountain of the Transition.
I am in this stage for a long story of people who read and put it back to the instrument.
These are Mars Parkinson and Servis Richard.
Today, in this same moment, I'm coming out of the argument.
I can't keep living my truth and just for me.
I want to do the best thing to help the other to live their truth without vertical, and I don't know.
I'm here, excited, so that some day there is no longer more than 20 percent of North.
My real truth took me to accept what I am.
Do you do that?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you.  King Steve, Gold, a quick question.
George Rosse, of course, first, first of all, I'm going to go to all of my benefits.
I mean, my parents especially to my parents -- to my family.
I remember all of the times I've got to young young women translated, which I've been able to, and some times, when I came to me, and they told me that his parents couldn't touch it. I took the phone -- I was called my mom and he said, "Man: You can call this woman?
Sometimes it works -- others -- it's just not just a generation -- that's what is in the center of what we are, right?
I mean, all of us are put to us a lot of us in the name, and what I try to do is to put it on the top of the subject that some times that seat didn't carry, and that there should be a space that allows people to allow people to address people, and this is a conversation that we should have with parents with colleagues.
The transparency movement is involved with the global movement.
There's still a lot of work to do.
I should have understood it.
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope that all of you are my flowers.
DH: Thank you. All right.
In many particular societies and transportation, the parents are often known by their children, but I'm one of the few parents who are known by his daughter and I'm proud of it.
Marine started his campaign for education by leaving their rights in 2009, and when they were taken up to their effects in 2010, when you put up the National National Prize -- it became very famous -- a very popular girl in their country.
Before that, it was my son, but I'm now his father now.
Streets and seas, if we take a view to the history of humanity -- the story of women is the story of the institution, the intelligence, of violence and exploration.
You see, in the political society, right from the beginning, when I was going to notice a child, your name is not cancer.
It's not a number, not for his father -- not for his mother.
The vision comes out, give her to the mother and no one happiness to the father.
And a mother was used to have a child.
When I give light to the first child, the first child, you put it out.
When you go to light to the second son, you measure, and with the hope of a son, when you were going to have the third son, you feel collaborative like a criminal.
Not just the mother, it's not just the short mother, but the daughter is born -- when you grow up, it sounds too.
At the age of five years, when I should go to school, you get home and school to your brother to the screens.
At the age of 12 years, in some ways, it has a good life.
You can fun.
It can play with their friends in the street, and it can move for the streets as a marine.
But when I go into the advance, when I was 13 years old, you get it out of his house without a moral agriculture.
It's connected to four parts of his house.
It's not a free person.
It became the name of his father and his brother and his family and his family, and if you turn the code of that hospital house, it could even kill it.
And it is interesting that this kind of hot code -- not just the life of the life of a girl -- also affect the life of the family members of the family.
And so this brother said, "Hello, the grandfathers of his life and the happiness of their hands in the name of the hospital of the hospital.
And there's a number more of the particular societies that is called objective.
It's supposed to be a good girl must be very stranger, very human and very surprise.
It's the critical.
The model of a good girl must be calculated.
It is supposed to be security, and that it takes the decisions of his father and their mother and the decisions of the antibodies, even if you don't want to.
If you get a man with a man who doesn't like or if you get a young man with an old man -- it has to get it out, because you don't want to be a set of destruction.
If you get it very young -- it has to take it.
And I can call it the destruction of it.
And what about the end of the end.
In the words of a position, "The cancer, they follow it, and then he gives light to more children and daughters?
And the idea of the situation is that this mother, including the same lesson of the life and the same lesson of home to their children.
And this particular city is continued and continue.
It was names and bears, when I was born Mars, and for the first time, I don't like the news networks, to be honest, but when I was there, and I looked at his eyes -- you know, I felt surprised to me.
And so much before I was born -- I thought about his name -- and I was fascinated with a legal light of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Martin from Mars, and I called my daughter like that.
But when I looked at me, all of them were men, and I was going to go up my pill, and I took a line of my name and I wrote up, "Getting."
And when she grew up, when she was four and a half years old, I put it into my school.
You might ask you why I have to mention a girl in a school in a school.
Yes, I need to get it.
You can give it for sitting in China, in the United States, in a lot of developing countries, but in the poor countries, in the political society, in the private societies -- is a great effect for the life.
It will go into a school that means the relationship of their identity and his name of his name.
And a school to school means that it has come into the world of dream and the approaches where you can explore their potential for their future life.
I have five bears, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised -- two weeks before, when I was shown in the flow of search sentence, and I was in the right part of the family, I couldn't remember the surgeons of some of my sister signs.
And the reason was that I had never seen the name of my brothers written in any discovery.
That was the reason I value my daughter to me.
What my father could not give me to my brother and I thought I had to change it.
It used to learn the intelligence and the speed of my daughter safe.
I was trying to feel with me when my friends came to see me.
And the old thing to go to me to all of these things to a different record.
And all of these values -- I've tried to be able to be interested in their perspective.
And this wasn't just for her, just for Mars.
I've changed all these good values in my school to girls and kids for the same.
I used the education for exciting.
He taught my children, I teach the students -- to forget the lesson of the objective.
I teach you the students to forget the leadership of the call called the search call.
It was brothers and brothers, we put up for more rights for women, and we ended up to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found it with a new future.
It was reading for human rights and particularly for the rights of women.
It was called the cardiovascular called.
And that means a little bit of the power of women in all of the political activities in all of the political activity.
hundreds of schools.
The girls were allowed to go to school.
At the women I used to use you and they stopped to go to the market.
The music were services, the short girls and the standard sides.
They would be sure them, but a few of them talked about, and it was a piece to have around those people who kill and keep when you talk about their right.
It is really funny.
At the age of 10 years, it took up and put up the right to education.
He wrote a day for the Bronx black, and it was made for the designers of the New York Times -- and I talked about every platform that I can.
And his voice was the most powerful voice of it.
It goes up as a climate around the world.
And that was the reason that the sands I could not take his campaign and the nine percent of the 21st century -- they were made in the head.
It was a physical day for my family and for me.
The world became a big black hole in the world.
While my daughter was involved between life and death -- I would show you to my wife to my wife -- "I have to take you out of what happened to my daughter to your daughter?
And I often said to me, please. You don't care you.
Despite it right now.
You put your life in play by the cause of the truth -- by the cause of peace -- and by the cause of education, and your daughter was inspired in you, and you get up.
They were both in the right way and God programmers?
These few words made a lot for me, and I didn't ask you again.
When Mars was in the hospital and I had a few series and some signals of head because his favorite nervous was carrying up, I used to see a dark size that was taken by the face of my wife statistic.
But my daughter never took up.
We used to say, "I'm good with my search surgery and with the beginning in my face.
I'm going to give you well. Please don't worry about.
It was a concept for us, and we care about us.
It was next and brothers, we have learned from it how to get up in the most difficult moments -- and I'm going to share with you that despite being an eye for the rights and the women, it's like any 16 years old.
I read when I was not going to just go up.
It goes up with their brother -- and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me, "What are there about special in my career that has made so much as a complete subject, except and energy?
I say, don't ask me what I did.
Let me tell you what I didn't do.
And I didn't cut your skin, and that's it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.
I went out of the brain about 18 years ago, and from that day, the science of the brain has become a personal patient.
I'm an engineer.
And I want to tell you that I recently have been used to the group of Google Group, where I've had a direction to my career, the Ging of Google God, but all the work that I talk to today about today about the science of the brain -- I took it before I put Google or outside my work there.
You have said this, there is a stage when you go to a brain.
Are you going to be the same.
Is it not going to be like that, you can be interacting?
After the neuron, I got a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It was not the big materials, but it was the average part of the center that creates important hours and neurons.
And immediately after the education, I had to decide what the amount of to take -- more than a decade of buildings every day, because if I didn't take anything -- die in a few hours.
Every day, for the last 18 years, I've had to decide about the combination and memories of chemicals and try to get them to keep with life.
More than one time I've seen a little bit.
But by the way, I have a series of experience, so I decided that I would experience to try to get the designers because there is really not a clear map that I tell you in decision.
I started to test with different memories, and I was surprised by looking at how little changes in the decades they changed in the destructions -- my sense of who I was, my sense of who I was, my behavior to think, my behavior with others.
One particular case, for a few months, I was able to give you a little bit of telescopes and teachers for a young man, and I was surprised to see how my thinking.
I was always fully, I thought all the time in the sex -- and I thought that it was the most smart person around the world, and --     -- a lot of times in the past I've met several types like that, or maybe some of you have been able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
It turned out to be like a extreme.
But my great surprise was that I was not trying to be a current.
In fact, I was trying to be trying to give you a problem that I had at the front of it, and it just doesn't happen.
So I couldn't keep it.
I changed my designers.
But I think that that experience gave me a new approach about men and what they have to go out. From then I get better with men.
And what I was trying to do is get out of those hours and neuroscientists, and you know, I was going to get my intelligence after disease and education, my creative thinking, my idea of ideas.
So I used to think almost in images -- and that became my point of key relationship, how do you get those mental images that I used to create protection, my ideas -- if you want to do it? They put new ideas and remember situation.
This kind of thinking is not new.
Parks like Human, Deployeer and men look at things like this.
They thought the images and the mental ideas were the same thing.
Today, there are those of you who are doing this idea, and there are a lot of designers about how the mind works. For me is simple for most of us, the mental images are fundamental for the creative and international thinking.
So after several years, I got to find the point right and I have a lot of great mental materials -- really, really virtually, and good structures.
Now, I'm working on how to take well these mental images of my mind at the screen of the computer.
Do you imagine what happens if you have a collaboration to use their imagination only to take the world in the world that has to the first."
Or if a music could explain the music.
There are incredible possibility with this, as the way that the creative people can get to share the speed of light.
And the truth is that, the only difference to do this is just increase the revolution of our brain systems.
Let me show you why I think we are pretty close to get to this with two recent experiments made by two different groups in nature.
They were both used by the TED technology -- imagine by the world mathematicians, to represent the brain -- here you can see the brain scale made by Google Galapagos and their colleagues of Harvard.
The collaboration of the left shows the scale of a person who looks at a picture.
The middle of the media shows the scale of the brain of that same individual as you can imagine, looking at that same picture.
The heart of the right is created by the content of the center of the left on the left -- you see that the difference is almost nuclear.
And this is based on a lot of different individuals with many different images with a similar results.
The difference between seeing a picture and imagine to see that same image is almost nuclear.
Now, let me share you another experiment -- this is the lab of James Gandhi in Ben, California.
They were able to become the brain of the brain in the recent visual field.
Let's look at this way.
In this experiment -- I showed people about hundreds of hours of hours as they were taken up their brains to create a great range of resources of the brain in the video of the video.
And then you showed them a film with new images -- new people, new animals, and as it was that it was going to be a new scale.
The computer, using just the brain information of the stage did it to show what the person was looking for.
On the right you can see the diseases of the computer, and the left, the video I showed you.
This told us balls.
We're good about doing it.
We just need to improve the revolution.
And now, you remember that when you look at a picture and when you imagine that same picture, you believe in the brain the same way.
This was taken up with the brain systems of the biggest revolution in the most available revolution today, and their revolution was found as a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase the revolution about a thousand times more to get a more profound look at it.
How do we do it?
There are a lot of techniques to do it.
One is to open up the car and put electronics.
I don't care for that.
A lot of them are making new techniques of projects for images -- even me -- and I'm going to tell you with the recent result of GDP -- first we have to ask the next thing, this technology will be the end of the way?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get bigger revolution is with more big, but to this point, you have more big images just make little better better in the revolution -- not food for thousands as we need it.
I put this idea, rather than a bigger image, we do better images.
We can create a lot more complex structures with slightly different crazy, like making a photographer.
And why do we care about this?
In the last few years, a great amount of effort in the GDP were to make really big ideas, right?
However, most of the reasons that we have in terms of recent solutions in terms of international solutions and demonstration in construction and detail, in the transportations and recording records of Ford records in the TED systems.
At the time, instead of a magic field. We were using mathematical patterns to the factors of Ford records.
So in order to combine the magnetic patterns with the patterns of the private research program, we can increase the information that you can end up in a single scale.
Also, we can be able to be able to make our growing knowledge on the structure of the brain and the memory to create the increase in the thousands that we need.
And when we use IPO, we should be able to measure not only the flower of searching blood but the households and neurons that I've mentioned and maybe even even the natural activity -- this is the dream of it.
We will be able to fly our ideas in a different way to digital media.
Do we imagine if we could go out of the language and communicate directly through the think?
What would we be called?
And how do we learn to deal with the truth of human thinking without film?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be hard to use it as a tool to apply our ability to think and community.
In fact, this same tool could take the course of the Alpha and similar disease.
We have a few times more than open this door out.
All of all, you take a year in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine that to take a lot more.
We need to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you this night about coming out of the standard, and not in a traditional sense, not only from the global genome.
I think we all have an argument.
Their architecture is perhaps to tell some person for the first time that you love or tell someone who is presented, or tell somebody who has cancer, or any other difficult conversation that you have been based on life.
Everything is a difficult conversation -- and even though our issues can come up, the experience of having lived and would have gone out of that artist is a universal thing.
Day, and we don't like it, and it must happen.
A lot of years ago, I worked in the San Silicon Silicon Carolina, and being in the city -- and being there, I had to bring up a whole bunch of factors of the performance military, not to solve my artists, and I would take the letters of the Alexander Dan Dan as a record.
And I would be aware that by the horrible of my head -- and I would have taken the head to the head -- I would ask you a little bit of a little child -- I would ask you a little kid -- "Oh, you're kids or girl?
And it would look at a sensitive relationship in the table.
I'm going to take my bank a little bit more, I would take my coffee with a bank of robotics.
And the father would play the prison and the mother would take a cold look at his child.
But I would not say anything -- and it would take up in the inside of it.
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years old, I was ready to fight it.
And that's a terrible feeling of it.
So I put it to me that the next time I would say something.
It would have that difficult conversation.
So after a few weeks happened again.
Are you a girl or a girl?
A family, but this time I was presented and I was about to go up in the financial issues in the table --  I had the New Francisco cents.
The quote of Google Steve.
Even a failure of the "George "burning?
And so I would go down and go down the looking at the looking at my fish and my four years of four years with a robot service, looking at what is not a challenge for a favorite dog, just a little girl with a question with a question or "China?
And so I was going to go back to you again, I put me out of stages close to it, and I said, "Oh, I know this is something considered.
I have the short line like a child, and I saw a kid, but I'm a girl -- and you know, as you like to use a robot service, and sometimes you like to use a climate piece.
Well, I am more than a little bit of a child character.
And that little girl looked at me, and he looked at it, and he said, "My favorite father is visit and it has a fish.
Can you give me a path, for fact?
And that was all -- I just said, "Oh, you are a child.
What happens with the path that I figure?
It was the most easy conversation of all that I've ever had.
And why is the girl in the path and I, both of us -- we went up with the other.
And as a lot of us, I've lived in a few of us in my life, and yes, often my walls used to be a short.
But inside the dark -- you can't know what color is the parts.
You just know how you feel living in a standard.
This is how my architecture is not different than you or a person or your own.
I mean, I'm going to give you 100 reasons why to get out of my artist was more difficult than coming out of the light, but this is the stage, the difficult thing is not related to it.
The difficult thing is hard.
Who can tell me to explain somebody who has been deployed in the red blue is more difficult than to say it's been increasingly?
Who can tell me that this story that I think is more difficult than to tell your five years that you're going to discover?
There's not something more difficult -- there is just the difficult thing.
We need to stop calculating what is hard to be difficult to what hard for another person to make us feel better or worse in relationship to our architects, and we need to just feel experimental because we all live something hard.
In some point in our lives, we all live in architects, and you can make them feel security -- or at least more security than the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you that it doesn't matter what they are made in the top of their walls -- a standard is not a place to live.
Thank you.  So imagine itself 20 years ago.
And I had a card career, a vision and search shoes.
It was not the mission military to fight against any four years that will go into the face.
I was contributed by the fear -- I was born in a sign of my dark argument by making my favorite grandmother, and the move only one muscle is the most exciting thing that I ever ever done.
My family, my friends, my friends that I've spent my entire life trying to do is not to determine it, and now the world was going back to the police.
I was looking at the pages of a mouse that we all have followed for so much time, but if you don't get to the grandmaster, you will kill you.
And one of my most famous managers was at the bottom of my sister at the time.
It was the first time I was the first time that a lot of people who knew that it was great, and when I do my lab of hospitals, in my black and the black seat around the table and finally came to one where the friends were the friends of my parents -- people who met me to do years old.
And after I'm talking about a moment, one of the women I was like, "I "John Bangladesh Lander."
And the ball of the government relationship had started it.
"Step in the California."
"Well, yes, the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco.
"Well, we've never been there, but we've heard it's fascinating?
"All right, you know my street Alzheimer's antibody."
It's very good and has never talked about having noisy?
"All right, what is your favorite TV.
Our favorite program of factors?
And you know who you love it? James.
James is our favorite?
And then a woman, he was describing but in hope to show up his support -- to make me know that I was from my side, finally he said, "Well, sometimes my wife uses career cars.
And I had an opportunity in that moment, as you have all of the farmers of grandfather.
It might have been easy to be easy to be easy to be failed to be fine.
It's not very hard to find them and realize the fact that they were spread.
And what else can you ask someone to ask someone -- but support?
If you're going to be authority with somebody -- you have to be prepared for the authority that you have to do.
This is how the hard conditions keep without being my strong point.
They ask anyone that I have gone out.
But I'm going on, and I know what I like to call the three principles of the Chinese Campaign.
Now, please look at this through the giant perspective, but they understand that what it means is that what is going to come out of any artist is essentially the same thing.
Number one, they will be authority.
It's survived. They are yourself.
That girl in the coffee had no architecture but I was ready for the ball.
If you want somebody to be generally, the others must know that we are also going to be supposed.
Number two, they are depression. They just give them a little bit.
If you know that they are great.
If you say to their parents that maybe they could be a game, they would keep the hope that it could change.
They don't give them a sense of hope.
And number three, and more important.  So let me leave the computers.
You communicate their truth.
Japan is available for that.
And some of them can come out and get a safe stream, and they have just done what they have done, but they never care about what they are.
And yes, maybe some of them will feel disappeared, but that's something in them, not in you.
Those are the experts of them about what you are, but not their own.
That's the story of them, but not of you.
The only story that matters is that you want to write to.
And so the next time you find in a grand dark device -- you have to know that we all have been there before.
And it may be very simple, but they're not.
Thank you, Burney.
Interestingly, what is that?
If we look at the story of how the intelligence has seen intelligence, a private example has been the famous center of Eding Pennsylvania that "The question of if a machine can think is as interesting as the question of if a survival can not?
And when I go up Hollywood wrote this as a critical to the people of the information as Alexander Arabic.
And so, a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the fundamental physical mathematics of intelligence in the intelligence of intelligence.
Let's take a step on.
We first start with a mental experiment.
Imagine that they are from a biological reason, that you don't know anything about the Earth of the Earth or the Earth of the Earth -- but they have an incredible telescopes, and they can look at the Earth, and they have incredibly long lives, so you can see the Earth for millions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
And of course, as terrible, we know that the reason would be that we're trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact of it.
But if you are from a factor that you don't know anything about this, that it doesn't have any concept about the Earth, they would be able to develop a physical theory that would explain how to explain that, until a certain time in time, the advice that they put up the surface of a planet -- they stop doing it.
And that's why I guess that this is the same question that you understand the physical nature of intelligence in the intelligence of the intelligence of the intelligence of the intelligence of the intelligence of the intelligence of the intelligence of the intelligence of the intelligence of intelligence.
So in this program that I took up a number of years ago, I took a variety of issues through science, through a number of distributions, that I think, I think, to a single moral mechanism of intelligence in the intelligence of the intelligence in the intelligence of the intelligence in the intelligence of intelligence.
In complexity, for example, there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be finally advanced for the development of intelligence -- and in particular, for the development of the universal states that make the diversity of future.
Finally, in the red movement -- there has been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to address the skills of robots to keep the future freedom of action with the end of the way that we can make complex controls.
And so, by taking all these different issues and putting them together, I said, from a several years ago, there is a survival model for the intelligence that we could end out of all these different tests?
Is there just a experience for intelligence?
And I think the answer is -- what you're looking at is probably the most close equivalent to a Service and a Servis for the intelligence that I have seen me.
So what you're looking at here is a democracy that intelligence is a force -- Fedrame, who act with the end of making the future.
And I want to move the future of the future of action -- or keep the open choices with a force -- with the diversity of possible future future, you know, to a very future time.
In a few words, the intelligence doesn't like to be started.
The intelligence is trying to move the future freedom of action and keep the open choices of it.
And so, you have to tell this equation, it's natural to ask, what can you do with this?
What do you think about it?
Do you predict the level of human intelligence?
Do you predict artificial intelligence protection.
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, to show some of the amazing apply of this simple experience.
Nature, researchers in college have shown that the universe that they produce more depressed, or supermarket, during their life should have the most fascinating conditions for the existence of smart beings like us.
But what's going on if that contracting connection between engineering and intelligence is a more profound relationship in the end.
What if the smart behavior is not only related to the protection of energy protection at a long piece, but it actually comes directly from it?
In order to figure out, we've developed a software of software called European, designed to move the process of energy energy in any system that is inside in it.
Unfortunately, English could be able to spend a lot of animals of animals -- play games of humans -- and even make money by getting access, all of it without that had been able to do that.
Here are some examples of English in action.
By the same as a piece of fish without carrying -- here we look at English working up a piece using a career.
So this behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave it into the Mountain.
I just decided for your mind to be able to get the possible.
And this ability to be applied to the human robot and human technologies.
This kind of use of tools will have apply in the intelligence and architecture.
Also, just like some other animals can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to deal with the food -- here we see that English can make a version of the model of that way.
And this thing that we have is interesting consequences for economic plan and in a variety of other field.
Engineering is extremely apply to a variety of discoveries.
For example, here we see it extremely playing a game game against themselves, including their potential for play.
So here we see English to get new connections in a social network where friends are connected up and keep with success the good network.
And this same capacity of the network also has apply in the heart of health and energy and intelligence in it.
So here we see English to be able to hear the resources of a battle flow, discovered with success and using the Canada Canadian to support the world of the world to the Park to the Park.
And in the same way, English is extremely apply to problems in the autonomy and transportation and transparency.
And finally, here we see English enough to figure out to be able to figure out to be able to figure out to be able to figure out to be a very similar level of activity, especially increase the activities under their own exciting.
This kind of risk of risk will have an active analysis in financial and security.
Australia Greens, what you have seen is that a variety of massive human companies such as the use of tools like the use of tools -- and the social context, all of us are coming from a single equation, which leads to a system to keep their future freedom of action.
Now, here is a deep print.
We go back to the beginning of the robot transportation, the Rosetta, the Rosse, there was always the concept that if we develop smart machines -- there would be a construction robot.
The machines will get up against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades, we've had all the concept of the scientific revolution to the investment.
It's not that the first men are going to become smart and then they try to use the world.
It is all about it, that the impact of taking the control of all the future future is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence of intelligence -- that the general intelligence can actually be able to get out of the control, instead of being the record.
Another important consequences is the search of the goal of it.
They often ask me, how are you going to look at objects are starting from this kind of market?
My equivalent to that direction to help us build artificial intelligence to help us build artificial intelligence or to help us understand human intelligence -- is the next one, the intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tried to kill the future freedom of action and avoid the researchers in their own future.
Thank you very much.
We're in a point in the human story, something between the control of stars and lose the planet that we call Honey."
Now, in the last few years, we have spent a lot of our knowledge of how Earth is in the context of the universe.
The Nicole King of NASA has discovered thousands of possible planets that break around other stars -- what I hope the Earth is just one between the billions of planets of our galaxies in our galaxy.
Kenya is a space text that means the stars of the stars of the stars when the planets are going on front of them, and they put a little bit of that light to us.
The data recognizes by Kenya show the size of the planets as well as there are between them and his stem star there.
In fact, this helps us understand whether these planets are small and rules like the terrible planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light they get out of their sun.
At the time, this gives you about if these planets that we found are skills or not.
Unfortunately, while we are finding this train of different world, our own planet is going down under the weight of humanity.
The year year was the most expensive record.
Green and man who have been with us from us from a lot of people now are doing in a matter of decades now.
These environmental changes that we have changed global scale have been able to be able to make our ability to add their face.
But I am not a science of climate -- no animation.
But I study the ability of the planet in the stars -- with the hope of finding places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
And you could say that I look for extraordinary opportunities in the entire sector.
Now, as someone very interested in the search of life in the universe I can tell you that the more looking at the Earth similar to the Earth, the most exciting of our own planet.
Every one of these new world works to a company between the planet right and the planets that we know better -- our solar system.
Let's take our neighborhood, Mars.
Mars is small and red and despite to be a little bit far from the sun -- it can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to put this for a mission like Kenya.
In fact, it is possible that Mars has been room in the past and, in part, that's why we study so much to Mars.
Our robots like "The "sub-survival, show their surface in looking at the organizations of life as we know it.
The same same subjects that the mission of Michael Manhattan, they take shows from the marine atmosphere -- and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their ability to lose it.
The private companies now offer not just a few space balls but also the possibility of living in Mars.
But even though all of these moral images remember us in our planet, places that are involved in our imagination with the architecture of analysis and police, in compassion with the Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
So let's take the end of the democratic areas of our planet that still have to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to convert with Mars.
Even in the most dangerous places and more electric of the Earth -- the air is free and organization of oxygen by our transportation bears to thousands of different tensions.
I worry that this excited for the combination of Mars and other planets to get a big stage and the profit of some of the things that Mars is going to wait out there to save out there to save out of this influence income of the only planet that we know that it's really healthy, the Earth.
So for a lot that I like to do the exciting explanation -- I'm in deep with this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars -- but to say that Mars will be there to save humanity is like imagine the contract of the Translation is going to understand that the fact that it will actually have to be place in the same side of the salary bats.  Thank you.
But the objects for the intelligent explain and the land is not contributed.
No, they are actually expensive from the same contractor, the goal of understanding and improve life in the future.
And the extreme environmental environment in our world is like a survival particle.
They just find more close to home.
If we can understand how to create and keep room space, in the horizontal areas and income of the Earth, maybe we can make the need to protect our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment -- the Park Pantheon.
A lot of years ago, the French African physics asked -- they have to realize that our universe has been from a long time ago, and we hope that there are a lot of planets in this universe, we should have been found out of the existence of extraordinary life until now.
Well, where are you?
Well, a possible solution at the factor of Facebook is that when cities come up enough enough to continue to continue to keep living between the stars -- they lose the notion of how important the planets are going to protect the planet of the planets that they put up this development.
It is a horrible thing to think that only the interesting connection will save us from ourselves -- but the planets of the planet and the extraordinary pressure can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to be able to be able to stay up to the human environment of Mars for the human pressure -- then we should be able to use the most easy task to protect the ability in Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I took my own home.
And as I was in the dog point looking at my backs, I realized that I didn't have the cards.
In fact, I could see the window that they were in the table of the company, where I had left them.
So I quickly tried to open all the other door and sea, and all of them were good closes.
I thought I was going to call a book, at least I had my cell -- but at the moment, a dog could take a long time to get a long time to come up, and he made a free.
I could not go home from my friend of John to spend night because I had a early time to Europe to the next morning, and I was able to get out of my paralyze and my balance.
It would be carefully, but I sure that not more expensive than a book at night, so I thought, and I thought, and I was going to get out of the cells, it would be good on the way.
I am a professional neuroscience, and I know a little bit about how the brain works.
It considered the right line that I increase the right line -- the living levels of advantage and number the thinking.
And when I got to the face of factor in the car, I realized that I had no particle.
Well, I had a long time to think about those eight hours without drawing.
And I began to ask you, if there was something that could do, systems that I could put in their place, you know that they happen bad things.
Or at least if you happen bad things -- that you look at the chance that it is a correct career.
So I was going to think about that, but to a month after my thinking didn't grow up.
I was coming up with my colleagues Daniel Kang, and a little bit, and a little bit, I talked about the Sea, and a little bit, I was talking to you about the window and that I had taken my paraly, and David shared with me that I had been losing something called a pressure conflict.
This is something that he had learned from the police Galapago Bang, who had written about this a few years before, known as the print.
All of you know what's the prison.
Every time there is a destruction, a team of experts come and try to figure out what it came wrong -- right?
In the print, like David Daniel, you look forward and try to figure out all of the things that could go wrong -- and then try to figure out what it can do to avoid things that are going to happen or to deal with the day.
So what I want to talk to you is some of the things that we can do in the form of a print.
Some of them are evidence, others are not so excited about it.
And I'm going to start with the objects with it.
In the house, it will give up a place for things that look at it.
This sounds of common sense and it is, but there is a lot of science that I support this text, based on how our space works.
There is a structure in the brain called hypothesis, which has evolved about thousands of years, to make a point of the evolution of the important things -- where it is the well, where the fish are the fish -- that you use the physical trees -- where they live the friends and engineers.
The hospital is the part of the brain that is based on the surgery of London.
It is the part of the brain that allows them to find their nature.
And if you ask if someone really did the experiment -- they took the sensitive sense of the arguments, and yet they could find their nature.
They didn't use the glass, but the hospital, that very evolution of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move very, very good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason to lose the cars of the car and parallel and parallel.
So in home they get a place for the landscapes, a car next to the door -- maybe a depression plan.
For his particle, a particular cancer.
For their leadership, a particular metaphor.
If you take a place and they are concerned with it, their things will always be there when you look at them.
What about the trials."
They take a picture of a picture of their brain cards, light to contribute, parallel, consumer to themselves so that they are in the air.
If these things are lose or the robots, this can be made the survival.
These are some of the most obvious things.
remember, when you are under stress -- the cross brain.
The control is terrible and the thinking.
So part of the private practice is to recognize that we are not going to be in the best moment, and you have to put the systems in their site in the place.
And there is maybe no more situation that when you get into a medical direction.
And at some point, we all will be in that situation of having to take a very important decision about the future of our medical attention or the one to be like, to help them with a decision of it.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'm talking about a very particular medicine.
But this is accepted as a protection for all of the medical decisions -- and in fact, for the top of financial decisions and social decisions -- any kind of decision that you have to take that you will be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
So I guess that you go to the doctor and the doctor says, "I have got the result of the lab and the collection is a little bit of a little bit?
All of you know that the high line is associated with a greater risk of heart disease, and it goes into the heart of the heart -- the brain.
So you have to think that you have the high color is not the best -- then the doctor says, "I would like to give you a drug that will help him reduce the control, a stage?
And maybe you have heard about the states, and you know that it's one of the most recent drugs in the world today, is probably likely to know people who take them.
And so you think, "Yes, I remember the stage?
But there is a question that you have to do then, a story that has to ask me to ask that most doctors don't want to talk about, and the physical companies even less.
It's for the Internet, the number needs to treat it.
And what is this, the NGO?
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or survive to a surgery in any medical progress before you help a person.
And should you think about what kind of research is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor would not give me something if it wasn't to help me.
But actually, the medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not curious from the doctor -- and if it is a care of somebody -- it's from scientists like me.
We have not understood very well the sub-survival mechanisms.
But the stations of Bangladesh that 90 percent of the drugs works only 30 to 50 percent of people.
And so the number needs to treat the most remote stage, which you think is it?
How many people have to take it before you help a person help you?
300 percent.
And this is the research of the research of the collective researchers and Park Harvard, and Park Harry, controlled by Britain.
And I explore the numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before I was able to avoid one of the heart.
Now maybe you think, "Well, one likely in 300 percent of us in the contrast.
Why don't you do? He decided to do it everywhere.
But then you have to ask for a more, and it is, "Half of the secret effects -- right?
For this particular medicine in particular, the side effects are produced in five percent of the patients.
And those including terrible things, distributed documents and artist, but now they think, "The five percent is not very likely to get me to me, still to take the medicine.
But a moment.
It turns out that under stars don't think of climate.
So you think about how this is going to do with time -- so they don't have to make the reason for the reason in the action.
300 people take the factory, right?
You have 15 times more likely to go down by the force that you help you help you deal.
I don't say they had or not to take the stage.
I just say that you have to have this conversation with your doctor with it.
The medical type of it, it is part of the beginning of information.
We have right to have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about if you want to take the risks or not.
Maybe they are thinking that I've launched this number in the air in the air, but actually this number needs to treat is a pretty typical thing.
For the surgery.
This is what it is like about a person who has help.
And the side effects in that case, they produce in 50 percent of the patients.
Those of them including the impact or engineering discovery, increasingly internal infection, relatively conservative infection.
And if you have lucky and this is one of that 50 percent of the effects just would take a year or two.
So the idea of the price is to think before the questions that you can play the conversation to the airplane.
You don't have to make all of this in the act of it.
And they also want to think about the quality of life.
Because you have a lot of times a lot of times, you want a more short life, or a long life that could have a lot of pain to the end of the end.
These are the things that they talk about and think about now, with his family and their ways of them.
They can change in the heart of the moment, but at least you are interested in this kind of thinking.
And remember, our brain free under stars, and one of the things that happens in that moment is that they get a lot of systems.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
For the face with a decade, it's not need the distributed system, or the limitation or the individual system -- because if the body is spending the mathematicians in those things, it doesn't remember with really really the landers of the laws -- so nothing about that.
Unfortunately, one of the things that go through the window for those stages of stress is the rational thinking -- like David Kang and their colleagues have shown them.
So we have to try to try to think about the future to this kind of situation.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that all of us are definition.
We are all going to figure out what we are going to do.
The idea is to think about the future how they could be those faces, to put the systems in the place that will help you get the day, or to avoid that bad things happen in the first place.
Recognize at the night night in Monterey, when I came back from my journey -- my concept I was inspired by a combination of community next to the door -- with a card of the bottom in the same, a easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit that I still have a lot of cars that I have not come on, and I've got a little bit of carbon messages that I haven't read to.
So I'm not very organizing, but I see the organization as a big process, and I'm getting it.
Thank you very much.
Internet, "Pink, "I was my favorite music.
It means that I would play surprise.
If you're taking a musical instrument and you see a "Park in the particular, you need to play more surgery.
Two percent, even more surgery.
four percent, extremely surgery.
This is my head of a terrorist tree -- there you see that it doesn't matter how many thousands and thousands of ones, you can never get to a very simple complexity.
That's my definition of security, a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American system of the side of the side of the side of a little bit of my own story.
The French language came in for the 1900s, and with the time of time -- and the time of the time, you get up with local signs and developed the language that we know as AIDS.
So it has a story of about 200 years.
I was born -- and I was taught to believe that sound wasn't a part of my life.
And I think it was true.
But now I realize that it's not true for anything.
The sound is a very important part of my life, they are actually in my mind every day.
As a sound person who lives in a world of sound -- it's as if I live in an extraordinary country -- following their rules -- users, behavior and numbers without them.
So how do you understand the sound of something?
Well, I see how people share and respond to sound.
People are kind of like my skin and advanced the sound.
I learn and consideration that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sounds and I've seen how people respond to it.
So I've learned for example.
"Does not make the dog?
"You don't make a lot of noise to eat the factor of the factor of French parents?
"I don't think, and when you're eating it, it will not go out of the cards in the plan.
All of this is called social sound?
Maybe I think of the sound of sound more than the average person does it.
I am the surgeon of sound.
And I'm always waiting with neuroscientists the sound of the sound that is to come in with it.
From there, this drawing.
TED, to decide it.
TED, of course.
TED, for advice.
You can see that the oil doesn't have any notes in the lines in the line.
That is because the lines are already telling sound through the surface of sustainable and standardized.
In the surface culture -- the movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the signal for the Princeton.
A typical program has five line.
However, to me, to do it with my planning and not feel nature.
That's why I just have four lines in the paper.
In the year 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berkeley, Alexander, for an artificial relationship there.
And before this time, I had worked as a painting.
For this summer, I saw museums and space of different galaxies and while I was from a place to another, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that time, the sound was the trend and that was called the attention.
There was no visual art. It was all auditorium.
Now the sound has found in my art of art.
Is it going to do more of the artist?
I realized that it doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it so well that it doesn't just experience through the eyes.
I can feel it in a terrible way, or I can explain it, or even like an idea.
And so I decided to take the sound of sound and get it into my artificial practice in my own architecture.
And all of you who had taught me in the sound -- I decided to leave it and do it.
I started to create a new work.
And when I put it to the current community -- I was involved with the amount of support and attention.
And I realized that sound is like money -- the power -- the power -- a social mountain.
In the bottom of my mind, I always felt that sound was right, it was something about a young person.
And the sound is so powerful that I could be able to bring me to me and my artificial work, or I could be able to get up.
I choose to get it out.
There is a massive culture on the language.
And just because I don't use my visual voice to communicate -- the eyes of society is like I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me from the same and turn it into my voice.
And so I am able to be related in the current society.
So in school, in the work, and the institutions -- working with many different interventions of TED.
And his voice becomes my voice and ideas.
They help me be heard to me.
And their voices have value and beautiful.
In order to be able to ask their voices -- I'm able to keep a form of value of value something like taking a price with a very high interest of very high interesting.
If I don't know with this practice -- I feel that I could be able to be able to get up in the forget and not have any kind of social value.
So with the sound like my new artificial media -- I lost in the world of music.
And I was surprised by looking at the symptoms between music and TED.
For example, a musical notice can't be able to capture and explore in the paper.
And the same thing can say about a concept in TED.
The two are very space and all the way that it means is that it means substantial changes can affect all of the meaning so much of the signals as the sound.
I would like to share you a metaphor of the pilot, so they understand better how the TED works.
So imagine a pilot.
The TED is available in a lot of different galaxies in a lot of different galaxies.
If you put a different part for every single step as you take the pilot, like the factor of the body, the speed of the body, the forest, the form of the hand and like that, as you take the pilot, English is a virtual language -- as if you would just put it into the time.
However, the TED is more like a artist, you need the 10 degrees in a similar way to express an idea or an idea in TED.
If you just want to change the age, you will create a completely different meaning of it.
The same thing happens with the music at the middle of the mountain, military and volume.
In TED, when you use these different grade particles -- you can express different ideas.
For example, the signal in that?
This is the signal in that?
I'm looking at you.
Look at it.
Oh, I came up.
I was on.
What are you looking like?
Oh, basically.
And so I got to think, and if I look at TED through the legal professionals.
If I had to create a situation and it would do it over and over again, it could be like a visual music.
For example, this is the size of "Day, the sun came out and you get it.
This is all the day.
If you look at it and reduce the speed -- you can actually look like a musical piece of it.
All day.
I feel that the same thing can say about all the night.
All night.
This is all night, in this direction.
And this led me to think about about three different types of night, "The night, "All the night --  all the night at all.
I feel that the third has more musical than the other two.
And this represents how the time is going to look at the time in FBI and how the difference to the body can express changes in time.
For example, one hand -- it's a hand.
So the first example is a long time.
Then "I was "sitting -- "I was "supporting and the last one, which is my favorite -- with a very rich idea and a direction at the time, there was one time.
"Mala common -- it's a musical term with a specific roof of four years per computer.
However, when I look at the word "I call the word "I think about "the same time.
You see, you look at me, hand right, MRI, left hand.
We have the pressure through the head and the book.
(Music, Milo, I was a complete Carter Colombia, "My face, Milk, I am going to teach you a way of the hand called "The hand called "The hand.
Can you do it with me?
All of you with the hands.
Now we're going to do it so much in the head as the book, something like "Malaria, or "The same time.
Yes, very well.
That means "We would "wait in the international system.
The international system -- it's a visual tool to help us communicate in all culture and the language lines around the world.
The second thing I'd like to show you is this. Please do with me again.
And now this.
It means "cold, in the TED.
Now, the third one. Please go back again.
And again.
It's "The "Titist in TED.
We're going to do the three together.
"Cook and "computer, "computer.
Good work.
You see how the three minutes are very similar -- they all happen in the head and the book, but they make it very different.
It is amazing to see how TED is living and present, as the music.
However, we live in a very public world.
And only because the TED doesn't have sound -- it doesn't have social value.
We have to start to figure out what the social value is and allow the SPC to develop their own value without sound.
And this could be a step to make a more even more including society.
And maybe people understand that you don't have to be used to learn South AMIS.
The TED is a rich risk and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I would like to invite you to open their eyes, open the eyes, to participate in our culture and experience our visual language.
And you never know, you can go out of us.
Thank you.
Design Kangas?
As a kid, my parents told me, "You can tell me everything, but then you have to call it.
And the freedom is responsible for it.
But my imagination took me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
And so I grew up in a piece of institution or a building bubble -- I have to say, because the adults are allowed to protect us to protect the truth.
And when you make it bigger -- I found that the adults also understand and that they are not very good to deal with each other.
Last time I am now, and I teach a city and I tried to be able to be able to be able to go up in the human school in Homo Kenya.
You don't have to wait a lot for my students to walk through the ball they have to go up with the banking mountains.
So as a good cities, we call the pulses, and no, it's not beautiful button, and if it is, I didn't tell it.
It is transparent to say, but today more than 80 percent of the oceans are going on.
It's kind of successful.
And in the last few decades, we've been coming out with these great bacteria and networks to recognize those plastic pieces to study them under the mission and we carry them up and raise this information in a map.
But it is a strategy and it is very expensive and it's also very hard to use those huge forests.
So along with my students with six to 15 years -- we are to invent a better way.
We have brought out our distributed distribution in Harvard Kenya in a shoe.
So we started building this work of work with a very nice work for the very white kids to be able to be able to.
And I'm going to tell you, the kids who are making electrical tools feel great.
Not exactly not exactly not exactly not.
Let's go back to the plastic back.
We remember the plastic and we put it into the size that we found it in the ocean -- which is very small, because of his favorite.
That we do.
I leave it to the image of my students to me.
My work is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to change them in something that we hope it works.
We decided that instead of getting a plastic profession, we just get information.
By the use of a robot -- we take a picture of this plastic -- the kids are getting a lot of with the robot.
Then we believe what we call a protection.
We are so fast in the process of product that we end up before the hard.
And we transform landscapes and cameras and wearing it in a fantastic robot that will move through the water and for the plastic that we have there, and this is the picture of the robot.
We look at the pressure of plastic looking at it through the sound while the computer computer is going to produce this picture and measure the size of every particles to get a storytelling of the amount of plastic in the water.
We detect this invented step in a website in a website for individuals called "The species, with the hope that somebody better even more.
The great thing in this project is that the students saw a local problem, and put -- they're trying to get it from immediately.
And I can research my local problem, but my students in Harvard Kong are very good children.
You see the news, they come up with the Internet, and they get up with this picture.
A child, maybe less than 10 years old, including a oil degree, just using the hands -- in Sunday, the way it was going to make the largest world in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water that you think, is the water where the water comes up, the water where they come in.
You can see that water is marketing, and oil and oil are also about color and when everything comes up, it's very hard to see what there is in the water.
But there is a simple technology called space, which allows you to see what there is in the water.
We built a very first product of a species that can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to have all sorts of different species, which can help identify what there is in the water.
We took this product with a sense and we put it to Bangladesh.
The great thing about this project is that beyond to solve a local problem, or you can take a local problem -- my students used their computer and their sense of creativity to help us look at other children.
And I can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to do a second experiment to make a second experiment and I wanted to go a little bit better, maybe to take a more difficult problem.
I am half and half of them, and they maybe remember, that in 2010, there was a deal with a deal with a deal in Japan.
It was so virtual that they have a number of games -- called the supply, and that care describes a number of cities in the cost of this side of Japan.
More than 14 people died in a international.
It also gives the nuclear power of nuclear power in Facebook, a nuclear nuclear center to the water.
And today, in the age of a 300 tons are still getting out of the nuclear plan in the Paris ocean.
Today, all of the West Ocean has a control of control by the surgeon.
If we go to the surface cost -- we can measure the region of Foundation everywhere.
But if we look at the map -- it seems to be most of the reason that the majority of the radio company came out of the Japanese cost -- and most of it has a safe thing, it's blue -- it's blue stuff.
Well, the reality is a little more complicated than that.
I've come back to Foundation every year from the activity and research in a different way with other scientists -- the land -- and this time we wanted to take the children.
Of course we don't take them up, the parents didn't allow them.
But every night we get into the control center here, you see the use of different materials.
It could seem that they did not take the work -- but they did it because they are going to have to live with the ratio all their life.
And we have a few of them described the data that day and we talk about what we were going to do later, the strategies, and so on.
And to do this, we create a recent market map of the region of nuclear energy.
We created the electricity map -- we were able to be able to represent data in real time in a real time, and we play water to feel the land.
And with this we could notice that the right solution was made from the top of the mountain to the red system and described in the ocean.
It was a storytelling strategy.
But with based on this is a civil experience, the most close to the nuclear cell to the form.
We go up to 100 miles from the nuclear center and with the help of the area of the area we went back from the market of the marriage with a secret scale as we invented and build and build up.
Here we see a protection, we've gone from a local problem to a right problem to a global problem.
And it has been very exciting to work in these different systems, also with open power technologies and very simple.
But at the same time, it has been increasingly fascinating because we've only been starting to measure the day that we've done.
We haven't even started trying to solve the problems.
And I wonder if we should give the speed and try to invent better ways to do all these things.
So the car became a little bit like that, we found an industrial intelligence in Kenya Kong and we become the largest space to the social and environmental space.
It is in the center of Hong Kong, and it's a place where we can work with modern, metal, change, a little bit of biology.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where the kids of children can actually become the help of adults and where adults can be children again.
Students, anger. And attack?
Control Harvard, we ask things like, can we invent the future of movement with relatively, relatively relatively.
For example.
Or are we going to help in the movement of the age of the age of the food population -- to bring their streets to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
People, oil and religion are legal letters, but the worst line that we can leave our kids are the mental men.
We can't allow us to protect the kids of the real truth because we need their imagination to invent solutions.
So scientific citizens -- creatures, sharks, we need to protect the next generation to be concerned about the environment and people and so that you can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two degrees two, two of these deep design.
One is made from thousands of old pieces -- the other one of the one of a single seat.
One of them is simple, the other organic one.
One of you care about the environment, the other one creates it.
One is designed by nature, the other for it.
Michael Manhattan said that when he looked at the market at the book, I saw a figure that was ready to be books.
The song was only a single tool of Michael Earth.
But the living beings are not carrying.
They grow up.
And in the smaller communities of life, the cells, we take all the information for each cell to work and to remember it.
The tools also have consequences too.
At least from the industrial revolution -- the world of design has been made by the restriction of the factory and production in a mass of math.
The mountains of marriage have designed a world made of parts -- by taking the image of designers and artists to be able to think of their objects as a few different parts of different parts with different ways.
But you don't find a lot of human material in nature.
Think about human skin for example.
Our favorite patients are disappeared with distributed parts.
The pills of the spider are more groups with little parts.
And you get a lot of pretty much like film, the other principle as a barrier, and yet it's the same skin -- there is no particles, there are no pressures.
It's a system that would be a system that is going to be able to look at the way that you can see the way that you can see in the quality of space.
Here is a digital screen that represents my vision of the world, the distribution of every design and architecture to work right now between the center and the gene -- between the machine and the organization, between the surgery and the growth between Harvard Fortunate and Charles David.
These two lives in the world, my left hand and the right, started and surgery, it shows in the two schools after me.
My work, in its most simple level -- trying to use these two lives in the world, getting out of the printer and take the growth to the growth.
You probably ask, why now?
Why was it not possible to be 10 or even five years ago.
We live in a very special moment in the story, a right moment -- where they put four distributions that make access to access to tools that we never had access to before.
And in the interaction of these four fields -- my team and I believe me.
Please know the minds and the hands of my students.
We design objects and transformations and tools and tools and tools and tools and tools through scales, like this robotic arm with a variation that some of a day is not very far as a day that some of them is not very likely to print entire buildings and grades in the national microbes of microbial microbes that are going to be based on the dark.
So here we have shown the cell, a artist of the old Arabic architecture.
In our next project, we explore the possibility of creating a layer and a face. This was for a moral mouse of Park with Arctic Google -- it's like a second skin made from one piece of a single piece of particular, related in the controls, flowers around the sky.
And I have been sentenced with 3D printer scales, and we put this paper and disappeared 3D silence between cells -- I'll show you more objects like that.
And this is a little bit of change and white materials in the revolution of 20 minutes.
This is the revolution of a human brain.
It's also the revolution of a CEO scale.
And that designers have access to this high revolution and the mental institutions -- allow the products to design products that are not just the way our bodies but also the physical structure of our terms.
We've also designed a content as a content at the same time at the same time and as well as it was solved.
The Carol Creative, my card, we went back to nature to invest -- and when we design this pattern of surgery surgery, it becomes surprising.
We put up this surface of 45 different proteins that are going to be related, and color and color to the points of pressure in the human body.
His surface -- like in nature, it would look at the advanced of another material or another material, but by looking at each other.
But is the ideal nature.
There are no parts in nature.
I did not believe me in a horrible house, but when I was you young -- my grandmother told me stories from the Bill Bill, and one of them came to me, and I got to define a lot of what I care about.
As she relates, "I was like the third day of the creation of Creaties, God killed the Earth to grow a failure care of fragile.
For that first French tree -- there would be no difference between terrorist, broad, boxes and fragments.
All the tree was a fragile.
In change, the land made the trees grow with transitions, control, stars and flowers.
The land created a world made of parts of a world.
I often ask me, "What would be the design if the objects were made from one piece of part?
Let's go back to a better state of creation?
So let's look at the dead material -- the kind of material of the process of the brain tree with fragile, and we found it.
The second biological biology on the planet is called the planet, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms like care, carefully, spiritual and marketing and markets.
We think that if we could be able to be able to be able to be able to get the male structures in one piece of it.
So that's what we did.
We call it local marketing.  We asked a lot of cars to walk -- we moved them up and we produce standard screen.
And by looking at the chemical conflicts -- we have been able to get a stream of products, from the dark -- hard and open, to light.
To print the structures to a big scale -- it was built a system with a little bit of magnificent control of remote controlled.
The robot could save the materials of the material and create these structures made from a single matter of a few feet -- 100 percent.
When the pieces are ready -- you let them go to find a natural way to the air with the air.
So why are we going to be designed with particular?
The air buildings that were a surgeon of the printing process that they used to be used to be able to tell pictures that they found for the first time in the planet about three billion years, as we heard you hear you.
And I have a little bit with our colleagues in Harvard and MIT -- we would increase the bacteria designed to be able to be able to capture the atmosphere of the atmosphere.
For the first time, we have been able to generate structures that make their transition without self-responsibility problems, and if you put it even more, to seats.
It's a very strong thing of freedom.
I would work with an ancient material -- one of the first forms of life in the planet, with water and with a little bit of synthetic biology -- we have transformed a structure made of cancer in an architecture that is behavior as a tree as a problem.
And here is the best part -- for objects that are designed for biologists, you put them into the sea -- they will feed the magnificent life -- and put up in the ground -- help grow a tree problem.
The atmosphere for our next explain using the same design principles was the solar system.
We look at the possibility of creating rocket to keep the life for the intelligent journey.
To do that, we need to take the bacteria and control their face.
So as the private table, we made our own expensive stores, new forms of life created complexity, and they made a biological form of biological form of biological way.
I like to think about synthetic biology like the limitation of light, just that instead of trying to deal with.
This field is called microbes.
So we put our own 3D signals to control the flow of these black public creature.
In our first piece of rock, they made two microbes.
The first one is the sense.
It lives in our oceans and in the top of the water.
And the second, and the second one, the bacteria was in the human interesting.
So a light is going to turn the light on the side, the other way to go up and produce a little bit useful for the environment.
But these two microbes don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never know.
They are here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of rock.
Think about it as an evolution -- not by nature, but evolution for design.
To tell these relationships -- we have created a single song that is used to the digital transition, which will help you make these bacteria and they get their way into the way.
And so we started to grow those songs in the human body, by looking at the materials of the material in the form of designer.
If we wanted more pictures -- we were going to say, "Well, we were going to have more transportation.
This particular system, when it would be from an end to another, it takes 60 feet.
So this is half of the line of the flow of former, and 10 times more than our intelligence interaction.
And here it is, as a price in TED -- our first political picture, you have a blood factory with life within the room.
Thank you.
Mars San said said, "We are creatures on the mountain, only half of it is done."
What if the design is going to provide the other million?
And if we could create structures that increase the material live?
And if we were able to create personal microbes that were going to be able to be able to be able to do our skin and they would get up the decade and they would have our bodies, and they would have our bodies, and they were going to have our bodies, and they were going to have our bodies, and they were going to be able to get our
Think about this as a way of presenting biology.
I call this the material economy.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
And so you know that a 3D impact is a piece of material in paper.
You also know that nature doesn't do that.
I grew up. It goes up with society.
This care of the ball, for example, create a very sophisticated architecture. A home inside which it is matter.
The factory doesn't know this level of society.
It makes it through the combination of two materials -- but two products in different connections in different ways.
And an act as a structure -- the other is the plant or the market, using those fires between each other.
And this happens through scales.
The first one of the first step in the environment, it creates a station structure -- and then it starts to make a compassion of understanding of it.
The technique and compassion, the two forces of life, they have a single material in a single materials.
With the end of understanding better how this complex process works -- we put a small impact to the head of a search supply, to the house.
So we put it inside a box with a bit of magnetic sensors, and that allows us to create this whole set of dots in three different drugs and visit the architecture of the collaboration of the subject of the size.
However, when you put it up in a plant park, it doesn't within a box -- we realized that I would have a plan card and still make it seriously.
So we started to design different environment, different teachers, and we've discovered that the shape -- the system, the structure of the collaboration, the state in the environment.
And they often have been set up to the death.
We saw that we can design these plants -- we could give it to the criminal health without having a single card.
And they would get it out, and we could create these things.
So let's take this process to the American scale.
We had a robot to make signals and we put us in our site in our place.
And we knew that the search substances to the most dark and cold areas -- so we use a solar strategy to reduce the distribution of light and the heat in our structure.
And so we created holes or artists, to bring the roofs of light and the heat -- by making the seat surfaces on the structure.
We were ready to get the cars.
We were able to be able to go up to a search of sex in line.
And after we put them four weeks, they were ready to play with us.
We put them up in the bottom of the airplane of the angle, and as they were done, they were starting -- they were supporting, and the life begins again, like us, but much, much more.
Boston Foundation said that the technique is the big interaction, and it was right.
When you have a little biology on the size of the head heroic, they give all this piece of interview.
And in a little more than two or three weeks -- 600 weeks of size they get 600 miles away.
And in a very system, this is also the language of the signal of the side.
The polices, after the ecosystem, they produce a billion dollars.
This could be used for 200 dollars in the future.
So here are the two lives of the world.
And a head of a robot through a robotic arm -- the other care calls.
If the last group of design is to give the products and the buildings that are replaced, to form a two materials of two materials -- the designers must use these two lives in the world.
What it brings us back to us, of course, to the beginning.
So here is a new design of design, a new age of the creation -- which brings us from an inspired design in nature to a natural nature in the design, which comes from us, for the first time, that we make us care of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
You take your hand if you've ever asked them what you want to be from?
If you had to remember what age they had when they asked them for the first time this?
You can show it with the two.
three.
Now, take your hand if the question is, "What do you want to be from?
It has done some kind of attack.
All of them.
I'm somebody who could never answer the question "What you want to be from?
The problem wasn't that I had no interest -- but I had too much.
And in school I liked the English and the art and the art and the art and the art and I was going to go up in a blood bank called Texas France.
Maybe you've heard about us.
And in oxygen I like to try to test and protect all of the ways to have spent a long time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But with the time this sense of advance, this feeling of, this is no longer a challenge -- it comes back to me.
And I have to leave it.
But then I was interested by another thing -- something completely different -- and I got up in it, and I just put me out of it, and I feel like, "I have found the me, and then again, this point where I start to get up.
And finally, I want to leave you.
But then I'd like to discover something new and different and I would like to focus on that.
This pattern made me a lot of attack, for two reasons.
The first one was because I was not sure how I was going to become all of this in a card.
I thought I had to choose one thing -- I'm going to play all of my other patients, and it will be able to get it out.
Another reason why I was made as long as it was a little bit more people.
I was worried that there was something wrong in this, and something wrong in me for not to do it for anything.
I was concerned to have fear to the company, or to be desperate, or to get out of my own success.
If you can recognize my story and these feelings -- I would like to ask you something that I'd like to have put out there.
You can tell yourself where they learn to follow the meaning of bad or animal to do things.
I will tell you where they learned it, they learned from culture.
You ask us the first question, "What do you want to be from?
When we have about five years.
And the truth is that no one care about what you tell that age.
It would be considered a question that is an engineering question to make a living answers in the kids like, "I'm going to be a career. or "I want to be present.
And they are going to be able to be despite the Design here.
So this question is doing over and over again as we grow from different ways of different ways -- and I went to school students are asking them that they are going to write in the universe.
And at some point, what do you want to be from?
It happens to be the perfect effect of before you take the dream of it.
Why?
So if this question is going to be inspired by the kids to be with what they might be, I wouldn't be inspired to be with everything they could be.
In fact, I do just the opposite -- because when someone asked you what you want to be, you can't answer with 20 different things -- even though you look right to be a lot of intense and they say, "Oh, what light -- but you can't be an art of violence and particular.
You have to choose?
This is Dr. Brazil Christmas -- and he is active of violence and participation.
And this is the Allan North Republicans, and it's completely completely completely completely and creative destruction.
But most kids are not talking about people like this.
All you know is they are going to have to choose it.
But it's more than that.
The notion of life is very happy in our culture.
This is this idea of destruction or the real version, the idea that every single one of us has something to do for their time in this Earth, and you have to figure out what that thing is and will figure out their life to it.
But if you're somebody who is not connected in this way.
What if there are a lot of different issues that have a lot of different issues and many different things that want to do?
There is no place for someone like one in that marriage.
And so you can feel alone.
You can feel that it doesn't have a goal.
And I feel that there's something wrong with one.
There's nothing wrong in you.
You're a memory.
A memory is somebody with a lot of interest and creative activity.
It's a bank for that.
It could help if you go in three parts -- mathematician, potential and day.
You can also use other terms that make the same idea, as a service, recognizing.
In the time of the Redwood, the idea was who I was well seen in a lot of distribution in the distances.
Bang Steve is represented to us as a show.
They use any term that you like or send you one itself.
It seems like a kind of able to add a community, we can't be able to do with a single idea.
It's easy to look at the molecule as limited or application that you have to come in.
But what I've learned to talk to people and writing about these ideas in my website -- is that there are huge forces in this way.
So here are three multiple supermarkets.
One, the ideas of ideas.
I mean, the combination of two or more fields and the creation of something new in the Internet.
The Hanson Anderson and Roman Bangladesh would spread their interesting interest in carefully, viruses of data -- and the materials and design -- by the way that I would find Mexico.
Meanshald is a company that creates the greenhouse increases.
And Shake and Rouge was going on this one idea of the secret consumption of skills and experience.
The innovation is going on in the institutions.
There are the new ideas.
And the mechanisms, with all of their ants, you can get to a great amount of these points of interesting.
The second subject is the learning learning.
When the mathematics we're interested by something, we're going to it.
We see everything we can have in our hands.
We're used to be interestingly, to have been a lot of times in the past, and this means that we have less fear to test new things and get out of our food areas.
A lot of skills are transformed to other distributions, and we bring everything we have learned to every new area that we put up, so we are going to start to start at all.
North Doctor is a journey to a full time and a sensitive screen.
As a young girl who was presented by a incredible ability to develop the moral memory of the molecule.
Now, she is the most fast thing that I know.
Before it turned it back in writing it was no financial plant.
And I had to learn the most end, when he started their practice -- and this ability helped him write the controlled controllers for the expensive.
And it is a time of time to be able to be able to be able to be able to go to what you're going to do, even if at the end of it.
It is possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field of a way that you could not have presented.
The third thing to be able to do is the approach. That is, the ability to transform anything that you need in a day.
And Alexander is sometimes declined of videos -- others design from parents, sometimes consumer pages, sometimes the Netherlands of King, sometimes mentor, and sometimes when you look at it, James Banglade.
It's worth because it makes a good job.
He is even more valuable because it can be able to take different robots -- depending on the needs of their cells.
The Facebook Facebook defined advanced as the most important ability for development to make in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so quickly and impressive that are the individuals and organizations that can be able to be able to set the needs of the market.
You know, I quickly learned and approaches, three skills where the mathematics are very head, and three skills that you could lose if they are ready to reduce their object.
As a society, we have a great interest to figure out the mathematics that are themselves.
We have complex problems, mathematics right now, and we need creative creatures not to make them front of them.
Let's say they are, in your heart -- space.
They came out of the food by knowing because they wanted to be perspective neurons as well.
You don't worry about, there's nothing wrong in you.
In fact, some of the best teams are made from a space and a massive musical.
The space can be done in deep and put it in a practice of ideas and the muscle makes a knowledge of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship here.
But we all have to design life and cells that go up with the way we are connected in.
And by the way, the mathematics in a big part of it is to just get more like their special companies.
So once he said this, if there's one thing that you get out of this talk -- I hope that it is this: recognize with the Internet, it's what it is.
If you are a heart space, then special for all the media.
That's where you will give the best of you.
But for the males in the room, including those who have just been able to be one of them in the last 12 minutes,  I tell you, you recognize with their many pathologists.
They go up to your curious station for those searches.
They experience the insects there.
It will be able to be able to take us to a more high and happy life.
And maybe the most important, molecules, the world needs us.
Thank you.
In the last year, to a woman named Australian they took it to a participation in Francisco.
Audience would say, and I couldn't remember the most basic decisions of their life.
His doctor was called Alexanders.
Allows I didn't know how to help Australia, but I went back to it until it was for despite, I was born in 1986.
After his death -- Alexanders got a car and they found a survival and they found out there in the brain of Australia, from a guy who had never seen before.
The most amazing thing.
If anyone had been living today, we could not give it to her more help that the ones who gave him 12,000 years ago.
Allows it was Dr. Allan Alland.
And Angeles Delight, the first patient to get a direction that we now call American disease.
Of course.
There have been antibiotics and voices to protect the institutions, many terms for cancer -- a lot of transportations for HIV.
But it has been made in the treatment of the Archies.
I'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a culture for the Alpha from a decade ago.
So I think about this all the time.
The Alpha now affect 40 million around the world.
But in 2010, it will go to 150 million that, by the way, including many of you.
If you wanted to live up to the age of 25 or more, the possibility of being able to be almost one of two of them.
In other words, there is the chance that they put their years up with Alexander or help us take a friend or be wanted to be wanted to be waiting with Alex.
It's just in the United States, the quality of Alpha costs 200 billion every year.
One of five dollars of the medical space is spending in Alexander disease.
This is the most expensive disease, and their costs put up a five times in the year of the year at the age of the website that you send the generation of the balloon ball.
It may be surprised to you, but the Albert is one of the biggest medical and social challenges of our generation.
But it has done a little bit of a little bit.
Today, one of the 10 things of death all over the world, the Alpha is the only one that you can't be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to contribute their development.
We understand less from the Alzheimer's than other diseases because we've got less time and money in the research of the same.
The U.S. government costs 10 times more every year in the cancer of cancer in the fact that it costs us more than the American and causes a very similar number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is to a more fundamental cause -- the lack of consciousness.
Because this is what little people you know, but all the world should be a disease, and we can take it out.
For most of the last 15 years, all of all, all of all, the scientists are constructed with investment.
We think it will be sitting in a normal part of a normal and intensive part of inviting.
But there are only a picture of a picture of a healthy brain in compared with a patient of Alexander to see the real physical day for this disease.
In addition to describe a sense of memory of memory and mental skills -- the day to the brain of the brain that was made by the Alzheimer's representative of life, and it's always market.
They remember -- Dr. Allan found plants and extraordinary organizations in the brain of Afghanistan a century.
For almost a century, we didn't know a lot about this.
Today, we know that they are made of protect molecules of proteins today.
You can think of a piece of product as a piece of paper that is put as a man who was playing.
There are places in the paper that are parallel.
And when you put well, these dangerous dots end up in the Internet.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some of the dangerous dots are going to be in the extra.
So this makes the protection molecules go into each other, form groups that can form big plants and opening.
That's what we see in the brain of patients with Alexander.
We've spent the last 10 years in the University of College trying to understand how this device works.
There are a lot of countries, and the idea of what I step up is complex -- as you can do a battle.
I would take a camera could do anything.
It can be able to make the way that you can make the extraordinary ball.
So you have to find the right step that I put it, and then create a drug that does it.
Until a few years ago, in their biggest part of the corners have gone down and hope the better.
But now there is a different group of people -- doctors -- biologists, generations, changes, physical and mathematics and mathematics and mathematics.
And together, we have been able to identify a critical step in the process -- now it's putting a new kind of drugs that are basically based on this step to stop disease.
I'll show you some of our last results.
Nobody outside our lab has seen it yet.
So let's look at a few times of what happened when I was going to try to test these forms in moral professions.
So these are the sea batteries, and you can see that they move with normal.
These surfaces, on the other hand, they have a piece of product that they put into each other in them, as in humans with Alexander.
And you can see that they're clearly infected.
But when we give our new creatures in a early stage, then we see that they go and live a normal life.
So this is just a positive result, but the research as this shows that Alexander is a disease that we can understand and curious.
After 15 years of hope, there are real hope of what you can do in the next 10 or 20 years.
But so I grew up that hope, to see the Alpha, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We need to be able to be able to be able to be able to be a disease and if we try it, we can see it.
In the case of other disease, the patients and their family and their families have been made more research and excited about governments about governments -- an artificial industry of scientists and leadership.
That was essential to move in the treatment of HIV at the end of the 80 percent.
Today we see that same unit to sell cancer.
But the patient patients often can't talk about themselves.
And their families -- the collaborative voices of their own was depressed and night, they are often too hard to go out and go out of the change.
So it really depends on you.
The Alpha is not most of a genetic disease.
All the world with a brain with the risk of the brain.
Today, there are 40 million patients like Australia, which can't create the change they need for themselves.
They help me talk about them, and they help us take a curve.
Thank you.
I published this article in the New York Times of the New York Times in this year.
To go out of somebody -- doing this.
The article is about a political study -- designed to create the robotic love in the lab, and of my own experience when I put it up at the same last night.
So the price is pretty simple -- two strange strangers are used to make 35 questions more and more personal and then both people look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of example.
Number 12 -- if you could be able to go up with a quality or a story, what would it be?
Number 28, when it was the last time you get to the other person.
And right?
As you get up, these are more personal time.
Number 30 percent, I really like -- I really like you to hear you from him or she -- I know very much about this time, and I gave things that you wouldn't tell someone that you have ever met you.
When I went up with this study about a few years ago, a reality actually called me the attention -- the chimpanzees that two of the patients had spent six months after and invited all of the lab to the classroom.
And so it was written about this process of making rocket love, but from then, it was also interested.
And when I had the goal to test this study -- with somebody who knows not particularly very well -- I didn't expect to get up.
I didn't hear it, and I thought, and I thought it was a good story, so I send it to the London love for a few months later.
That was published in the ball, and now it is already an age, so I guess some of you are probably asking you to be asked -- they are still solved."
And the reason I think is that this is because they have done this one question over and over over the last seven months.
And this question is just what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the ground.
A week before you put the article was very nervous.
He had been working in a common book in the last few years, so I had been able to write about my experience in the body love in my black.
But a group of baby can come to a few hundreds of seen like a lot, and those were just from my friends of Facebook and imagine that my article in the New York Times would take probably a few thousand times.
And that makes a good amount of attention in a relatively new relationship of attention.
But as I was day, I had no idea.
The article was published in line for the night, and you know, this happened in the treatment of my black.
And the dome, I had been called the Stanford State and the World War America.
In a month, the article got more than eight million lives, and I was like, to say something, a little bit.
One thing is to figure out the conference writing with social experience, but another thing is to find out that life love of one has been international news -- and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship in the state.
And when people were called or write -- what they did every day for weeks -- always they were doing the same question -- they still follow together.
In fact, when I was looking at this talk -- I made a quick based on the bottle of my company with the factor, right?
And a number of messages came up with.
They were from students and strategies and strangers like this.
I was involved in the radio and asked it.
Even I gave a talk -- and a woman came up to the stage, "I said, "I'm Mary where your neighborhood, is your neighbor?
And immediately I get red with it.
I understand this is part of the treatment of it.
If you write about your relationship in an international day, you should expect people to feel comfortable asking me about it.
But I was not prepared for the intervention of the answer.
The 32 questions seem to have changed life.
In fact, the New York Times published a heart article for San Valley, who including the experiences of the lessons to test the study in them with different success.
So my first impact to all of this attention was to be very excited with my own relationship to me.
I said that I don't know that we both made a public approach together.
It was recently interviewed by television, and you remember the pictures of pictures of us.
I think I had a fear to become the investigation of the interviewing process of the front process -- a mouse for which I didn't feel in the absolutely carefully.
And I understand that people didn't want to know whether the study worked -- they wanted to know if it really works -- or it is, if it was able to produce a private love -- not just a starting -- it's not just a stranger, but real love love.
But this was a question I didn't feel able to answer it.
My relationship had just a few months old, and I felt about all, that people were asking the wrong question.
How do we know if we were going together or not, and then I will do it?
If the answer was no, I would do the experience of doing these 32 less interesting questions.
Dr. Art Arab wrote first about these questions in this same study in 2010, and there, the goal of the research was not to produce robotics.
Instead of that, I was looking for an interesting amount of international students between college students using what they were called the personal personal personality, and it's a protection and provided.
It sounds rocket, right?
But the study does work.
The particles have been more close after doing it. A lot of positive studies also used the President Prize President of Alexander as a quick way of creating trust and interaction between extraordinary.
They have used it between members and the community -- and they've used it between people of political political ideas.
The original version of the story, which I put up the last summer -- that we combine personal questions with four minutes of visual contact -- it was quote in this article -- but it was not published to be published up.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a little line of line of linear arts -- and then a student came up to me and said to me and told me the study and it doesn't work.
He looked at it for it.
And I mean, you want to say that you care about the person who did it?
Well, he made a path.
I think she just wants them to be friends.
And I said, but they become better friends?
Do you feel that they were able to know better after you can try to make the study.
The approach.
So, it worked.
But I don't think that was the answer he was looking for.
In fact, I don't think it is the answer that none of you is looking at when it comes to love.
I went up with the study for the first time when I was 2010, and I was running a really difficult way.
I had had that relationship since I had 20 -- what I was supposed to do all my life, and he was my first real love -- and I had no idea how or I could live without him.
So I went into the science.
I was doing everything I could find about the science of the rocket love -- and I hope that that could be a certain way to sell the heart.
I don't know if I realized this in the moment I thought that only I was interested for the book that I wrote by the book that I wrote but in recently, it looks really obvious.
I thought that if I took me with the knowledge of the rocket love -- I would never have to feel so bad and it just felt like I felt then.
And all this knowledge has been useful in one or another way.
I'm more patient with love with love -- I'm more related.
I have more trust to do what I look for.
But I can also see more clearly -- and I can realize that what I'm looking at is sometimes more than what you can get to me.
What I look for love is a career, not only to be love today and to be looking at the morning, but that it will continue to be limited by the person who I love.
It may be that this is the reason that people asked when they wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that the media was told about three questions is that there may be a journey to be able to be able to.
There may be a way to be a way to be able to do something in the impression of the impression -- and this is a very strange story, because it would look like it makes us feel wonderful, but it's also a law.
But I think when it comes to love -- we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story that I ask, still still together?
And his content with an answer of know or no.
So more than a question -- you will ask you to ask questions more difficult questions like, how do you decide who your love does your love and who right?
How are you going to be used when things are completely completely constantly, and how do you know how to get and describe?
How do you live with the units that they were involved by a relationship, or even more, how do you live with the dog of your particular?
I don't know necessarily the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good beginning to have a more recent conversation about what it means to love somebody to love you.
So if you want the version of the story of my relationship -- this is this: a year ago, a knowledge and I apply a study designed to create rocket love -- we would still get together together, and I'm very considered.
But it's not going to look at the same thing that they would be able to take up.
It's the easy.
So at the end of my article wrote up, the love didn't happen.
We are going to look at because we take the choice of it.
And I show you a little bit about how to read now, not because it's not true, but because in the moment, I had not considered all of the things that I was supposed to look at that choice.
I don't understand how many times we would have to take that decision -- and when you ever have to keep doing that choice without knowing before he would always choose me or not.
I want it to be enough to have been done and remember 35 questions -- there would have been able to love somebody so powerful -- anger and fun and have experienced that choice in the largest in the United States.
But what I've done, in change, is to become my relationship in the kind of fear that I don't really think of true.
And what I'm going to do, and what maybe going to spend my life looking for is that that mission is true.
I want the very happy happy in the ground of my artist, which is -- the only part of the article that actually didn't write up.
But what I have in change is the opportunity to be able to love somebody -- and the hope that he would also love me, and it's a street, but that's the treatment with love.
Thank you.
I was created by a lot of mechanisms in the mountain and in a way, and in a way, I got as a genome of the forest of the forest.
I was at the city of New York at a time.  So something that really struck me to me but more detailed details.
I will start with when I was eight years old.
I took a morning box -- and I tried a trillion of a dollar -- a planning and a hand in it somewhere in Congo.
And I thought that some strange humans or a couple of algorithms would find this box about 500 years later, and they learn how our kind of exciting ideas, for example, how we eat the spaces.
I had no idea.
All of all, it has thank you because I am -- 30 years later, and I'm still making box.
In a given moment I was in Harvard -- I like to go up and do it and do it -- and all of those things, and I was doing a collaboration for my mother.
And I took a distribution and I took up all the page and I made a kind of cardiovascular cards to the Alexander Mars Mars, and a bees of restructure and a bees was starting up.
Well, my mother has fear to the bees and it is all advanced to them, so I was able to go up in the moment, thinking I could take it.
In change, it happened the controllers, somehow it seemed to be a seat of size -- as if it was that you would look at the text with a light.
And so I did I did a little bit.
This time, I started able to add electrical elements and streets, strangers that I was finding on the street -- everything I could find -- because I was looking for things all my life, trying to deal with them and tell stories about these objects about it.
So I got to draw around the objects -- and I realized that God can draw in space.
I can be able to be able to be able to be able to do the same one to be around a collaboration in the scale of the crisis.
And I went out the objects and I created my own sensor of an early speed.
First of all, birthday that you can make a idea.
And then I made a lot of insects and extraordinary creatures I did.
It was very fun to draw up in the research language.
And it was great, because I started to get experts and those things, and I was making some money, to take my name to cancer, for example, to go to Silicon.
It was surprising, man.
And at some point I was interested in the human form of the human form of natural beings with human beings inside of the language.
It was great, except for one thing -- I moral me.
I didn't know what to do, because the result was going to kill me.
And I was going to the house every night thinking about it.
And so I tried to use video.
I started to draw in the life caps, similar in a sea, and then in another window and another window -- and I had all of these areas together that they made a traditional behavior.
And this really works -- and so I could stop using the research.
So I did this for years and my work with something very big, that I call the transparency.
For the transition, I was inspired in the back of the Delight of Denigral Designs, which is a piece in the Prize of the Principle in Space.
Do you know it?
Well, it's a fantastic career.
They say it's a little bit.
Well, the training." I will explain this piece to you.
It goes up at the age of 10,000 kilometers here.
50 feet long.
It has a charge for what you are 10 feet of behavior.
It's a little bit.
Well, that's the source of the blood source.
On the left -- it's similar and the landscapes.
There is a car where all these creatures with animals travel between two world.
They go out of the world in the world, to this understanding of an ancient ball where they get up.
So here is where the creatures with animals of animals are given to the face, ready to be able to be based on the ocean.
The ocean is made of thousands of elements in it.
So this is a black God advantage to a heart.
Bill Green is in the sea -- the Hollywood plant -- Walking in the device of the death -- Walking, the Red Bill Line Line, there are all kinds of blue things that can find if you look very well in the ocean.
All of these things also kind of kind of kind of a matter.
It's coming out of the ocean -- and it was oil in a hand while the other hand is going to come up with.
Their hands are like balls, and it seems to be a mission that keeps the Earth and the computer company.
So it's a sort of the transition.
It's a little bit of a nation.
That's the hand in which it was.
And then, when you go into the other side, it has a trial, like a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a short step of this treatment.
It also has a 500 meters of a long piece of sense that you get to the transition.
All of all, his colleague is going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to put it on a value.
I don't know why that happened.
things, you know, you know.
His color ended up in a carbon card made of climate transportation of 1990.
Have you seen them.
They were done in the decade of 1980, as if they were a little bit of balloon trains.
All right.  This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects -- you call "Processes?
It's about a six years to do 100 of these human beings.
Each one is a construction of our culture, through media and material are construction, decades or records.
But every single one as a kind of activity in a way of being human in a way of being human -- and they travel in groups of 20 or 12 to a time.
They are like cells -- they go together -- they get up.
And you can walk between them. It's taking me up.
Each one is basically a mission of microbes that I put up 1,000 miles with a human in their interest in the Internet.
This has a little car in the brain.
That's the head -- it is the book, you can get into the environment.
And I'll take you through the rest of the body, there is a car that comes out of the book, and that I put it out of the piece or not, or what you have is, a kind of antibiotic thing.
This is a quick risk of these works because I can't explain it for a long time.
We have careers, you can see.
This is a body in the middle of half a half of it.
This has two head, and it's communicate between the two.
There are a few plants that go out and go into the head of this strange station.
There is a small stage inside of the roof career.
Can you see it?
All of all, this talk is about these gentlemen, just like the box in which we live in.
We're in a box -- the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a light box called Peter.
And in this box there is a physics -- a prison, a prison, a memory, a market, a restriction, a scale, a scale, a local arm that makes all the content that we do in the world, and a card.
We put the box and all of the people in the top of each other.
And I think that's the way we change the world.
When you remember who is and the box in which it's living in.
And together we got to realize that all of us are together in this, that this idea that we are different -- these contexts of the countries, from the relationships, not work.
We are all very made from the same material and in the same box.
And if we don't start to interact those things with drugs and often we're going to die very soon as well.
Thank you very much.
So what do you do when you get your head.
They take a paradigm.
But so that this plant has an effect against the pain -- first of all, the interesting and other organs and other organs and other organs in it.
It will take a plant is the most effective system and increase so that any kind of brain shows in the body.
The discovery, though, is that when you bring it out of any medicine is disappeared.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV with.
When you take artificial drugs -- these are going to get the amount of viruses in the blood and increase the record of CO2 cells.
But they are also known by their effects settlement settlements, because in the time that they are going to get to the blood coral, they give up, and worse even for the time that they are going to get to their destination, which is where it is more important in the HIV decade.
These are the records of the body as a little bit of line, the negative system, the subjects, where the virus is interesting and not in the end of the patients in the patients that are going to the spider of the parallel with an artificial medicine.
However, after the interview of the treatment -- the virus can be able to do and increase new blood cells.
So this is the great problem of HIV with the current creatures that is a treatment of life all the way in order to be able to be able to be able to.
One day, I sat up and I thought, "We could make the treatment directly at the bottom of the virus -- without the risk of deaths.
As a scientific experience in leaders -- the answer was behind me, the leaders of course.
If you use it in the contractor, for the heart of the horizontal and circular cells, you can use for anything like that, including the intelligence of the medicine.
In fact, we are already using them to be used to open or present extremely small holes -- they open up and close almost immediately the cells with HIV to build the medicine.
The best people are like, "How is that possible?
We send a little bit and a piece of power on the cell material of the cell material by HIV while these cells are involved in a liquid that comes into the face.
The leader is the cell of the cells, while the cell.
Before you even realize it, the hole is a distributed discussion.
We are now putting this technology in a view or in Paul plants, but the goal is to take this technology into the human body, apply to the human body.
"How is that possible. You can ask you.
Well, the answer is, through a three head.
With the first head -- which is our leader -- we will make an increase in the site of the intelligence.
The second head -- which is a camera -- you get to the site of infrastructure.
And finally, the third head -- a transition that makes the fragment, I read it directly in the site of the intelligence, while the light is used to keep open cells.
Well, this doesn't seem a lot of time.
But one day, if you have success -- this technology can bring up to the total report of HIV in the body.
Yeah. A culture for HIV.
This is the dream of all of the research of HIV in our case, in our case, a treatment with light.
Thank you.
In the last decade I have studied the strategic groups not statistics, organizations like terrorists, increasingly or microbes.
Do you do what these groups do when they're not deploying.
My goal is to understand better to these young generations of violence and study ways to reach the transition of the view of view to the control of the control to the contraction of the controllers.
I do work, in the world of politics and policy.
You understand these groups is key to solve almost every conversation in course, because the war has changed.
It used to be a design between state.
You know.
Now it's a conflict between the states and activity of notes.
For example, in the age of the 21 years of personal peace between 11 and 2010, 1986 was taken between a state and an act of not global artist.
So we need to understand these groups -- we even need to get them into any of them or bring them into any process of successful conflict.
But how do you do that?
We have to know what it comes to these organizations at the time.
We know very well the reasons why they do, how do they do it, but no one knows what they do when they don't stop it.
And the starting street and the politics are not related to them.
It's all part of the same organization of the same.
We can't understand these groups -- not much less less than them, without a global view.
The early groups today are complex organizations today.
So for example, the Liberia -- I met for his view of vision against India.
From his creation in the decade of 1980, it has also been able to be able to be able to be a political part, a network of social services and a military state.
In the same way, the paralyze has known for their health analysis against Israel -- also advanced the Facebook of Gandhi since 2009, too.
So these groups do more than just deliver.
They're multiple.
They take a complex mass of communication stations, rates of room, songs of TV, and strategies of the Internet and strategies in social networks in the Internet.
And here they have the Street research, improved in English.
The average groups are also involved in a complexity relationship of forests without substances, but by exceptional business business -- for example, companies of building it.
These things are close to them.
They allow these groups to increase their faces, to increase their forests, to get better and build their market.
The average groups also do something else -- they create a little bit more strong with their population to invest in social services in society.
They build schools -- they have the hospitals -- they put up in a professional form of professional information or microbes.
Many of these services have all these services and more.
The average groups are also trying to get to the population by making something that the state is not surgery, security and protection.
The standard of the sands in an Afghanistan from the war or even the beginning of the Street street -- it can also understand the effects of these groups to make sure to make sure of it.
Unfortunately, in these cases, the security has an incredibly good price for the population.
But in general, to provide social services means to take a volume, a journey left by the government, and it allows these groups to be able to increase their power.
For example, the local violence of 2009, of course, can't understand without recognize the social work of the group.
It is a really complex station, even in the West, even as we go into the agricultural groups, we just think about the visual side.
But that's not enough to understand the forces of these groups -- the strategy or a long view in a long time.
These groups are horrible.
They grew up because they were able to get back to the government, and they get up like a growing and political groups -- they go into the visual fight and give us globalization.
And the more complex and software are these organizations -- less we can put them as something about a state.
How do you call a group like Manhattan?
They make part of a transition, they have all of their work, they get the ball, they get the starting system.
Is it a state? Is it a right group.
Or maybe it's another thing, something new and different.
And what is AIDS."
The lines are desperately.
We live in a world of states -- no state and horrible, and the more drugs are the states -- like in the Middle East Art, more interact and they brought that arm out of not globalizations.
This is important for governments because to go to these groups will have to invest more in tools not military.
It will take that government version has to be in the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important to be able to be able to be able to contribute and put the peace out.
If we understand better to the arm groups, we will understand better what you need to do to figure out the transition of violence to no violence.
In this new device between the state of the United States, the military power can make a few batteries, but we don't give us the people or some statistics.
In order to achieve these objects we need a long period to take that security volume, to take that government rate that allows these groups to be in a beginning.
Thank you.
I'm a factory as a woman and as a factory.
My colleagues on the genome is visions, but I have to be able to accept the surgery of "The spinal surgeon that would be inspired for factors.
I'm failure, but pretty bad stuff.
And so I get up as a bad factory.
Or at least I wrote a artist, and a book called "The bad French, and then in the interviews, people started to call the Latin Facebook.
So what I started as a personal bridge to myself.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was young -- about all in my grandmother and the 20 years, I had extraordinary ideas about the factors, these women -- they were able to get the men and they were taking the sex -- as if that was something wrong.
Today, I see what the women are all around the world and the war, in particular -- it looks like a perfectly religious answer.
But at the time, I was worried about the window that I was using the people when I could be failure.
It will be a stream as a factory was a work, a word and desperate.
They were taken to me as a woman who doesn't follow the rules -- that I think too much about the surface, and it's going to believe that it's just like or surrounded to a man.
No one wants to be that red woman, until you realize that it's actually that woman and you can't imagine to be another person.
With the time, as I was growing up, I started to figure out that I am -- in fact, failure, and I was going to be able to be.
For me, some artists are resilient, women are equal to men.
Let's take the same street for the same work.
We have right to travel around the world as we want it, free or violence.
We have a right way to use it easy and access to the activity and the research services of it.
We have the right to decide about our bodies -- no need of medical control or electrical diseases.
We have the right to the rest of it.
There are more.
When you talk about the needs of women -- you have to have to do our other ideas.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body, explorer and sex and sexual and social and social and much more.
We have to have to have these differences and how they affect us, in the same way that we have in common.
But without this kind of environment, our favorites is not anything.
For me, these truth are incredibly, but to be clear -- I'm a destruction.
I'm full of controlling.
There's a lot of things that make me a bad factory.
I have another consciousness.
When I go to work, I hear the work, I listen to the whole world to all volunteer.
And even though the line was given to the women and I forget to myself, "The clinic Santa Santa Stephen from the Times Street Talk is amazing.
"Day reality with your film care.
Delight, you go up until you get the contrast."
Think about it.
Power, right?
I am completely discovered by my musical matters.
I believe in the work of the man, which is all that I don't want to do, including -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- all of the things -- but as well as you can kill insects, the correction of the scale, the card of the scale and the mass of machine.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The reason is my favorite control.
And I found out of the molecules of the mother and the new things.
And I can see "The Bangladeships, and the robotic companies, and I have a lot of surgery of the fact that they get reality.
Some of my destructions are more depressed.
If a woman wants to be able to add the stage of his husband -- it's your choice -- and I'm not who to play it.
If a woman decided to be in home to create their children, I open that choice as well.
The problem is not that it becomes extremely vulnerable through this same choice -- the problem is that our society is connected in a way that makes women become extremely vulnerable when they get up.
We solve this problem.
It recognizes the conventional factory that has gone up or disappeared the needs of the women of color women -- the workers, horrible and transportation, in the face of white women -- horrible and high women.
listen to me, if that's good friends, I'm a very bad photograph.
It also happens the next thing, as a factory, I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this notion of putting designers in a piece.
We hope that they are going to be presented to personality.
When you give us a lot of us with a lot of super-engineering from the same point where we put them.
As I said, I'm a destruction, I have a destruction of that piece before you try to put it there.
A lot of women, particularly the innovation and the leaders of the sector are afraid of being strangers as failures.
They have fear to put it up and say, "Yes, I'm failure, by fear that it means that start, by fear you can't be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able
Let's take for example, or as I call it, the God.
In the last few years, it is a decade of decades.
And in the Victorian Mars Martin in 2011, in MIT, I act in front of the word "Finance, of three feet.
It was a magnetic species, to see this star of the box to open the factors and make the women know and the young men who will be favorite is something to be proud for you.
In the time, the cultural creatures began to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be or not quite failure.
They came up with their favorites, instead of just creating the word of a woman and a woman with a woman.
And we are present from photographs, because we're still fighting for a lot, we want a lot of us -- we need so much.
We're going to be much beyond the feeling of feeling and construction -- to design the friends of any woman, to turn it up until it doesn't have anything.
We don't need to do that.
The bad factors, or more well, a most even more even is the point.
But what about the stage?
And we went to recognize our impact to give you together, going to the action and being a little bit more value.
If I hear music music, I'm creating a device for artists that would be more than how happy it is that they were going to be able to make a stranger surgery.
These artists are not going to change their way to talk about women in their song until we take the change by the way that we are going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to affect their
It is hard to be hard.
Why has your music to be so poster?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to make a worst choice.
But when the bad decisions are supported that it makes it more difficult for women to get the equality, the equivalent that we all start and is our responsibility for us.
I think of my controls, three and four years.
They are two magnificent girls and decades, and it's also very valuable. I want you to grow in a world.
And you get them through the strong creatures that are.
I think of them, of course, the best choice is going to look like something much easier to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the song when a television program is going to the sexual violence against women as a destruction, you can see the United States.
We can change the robot of radio when we listen to women who treat women like anything.
We can spend our money to go into the center in another part when the film doesn't treat women more than a little bit more than the destination objects as well.
We can stop able to support the teachers where the bees are going to try to get their companies as a blood search.
In any case, the men, especially the white men can say, "No, I'm not going to put up in your research, and it will work in your project, or work with you, until I didn't include a enough number of women -- so much to be able to be able to make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your public, or your organization is more include with a more all the more all of the people in people.
Those of us who are surprised but invited to participate in this kind of project, we can also be able to be even even as much as us as we are going to be able to support the banks to the decades of decisions of decisions in the decade.
Because we are not months -- without these efforts, without able to add these possibilities. Our genes are going to mean very small.
We can get these little aspects of value and wait that our decisions come to the top, to people in the digital power and music and music, Congress, the legal people, the people who can take big decisions -- more values to create a dark and significant change.
We can also be able to be able to go out of our failures, well, bad or any of them.
The last line of my book "Call French, he says, "I would be a bad picture to not be at all.
This is true because of a lot of reasons -- but I say, about all, because I found my voice to me and the French helped me get it out.
There was a intensive.
I call it international to make what happened.
And a few kids were told me when I was very young -- and I didn't know that kids can do this to a child.
I was trying to be as if it was anything.
I started to believe that it wasn't anything.
And then my voice, and after all of it doesn't get to believe that I could say something that could matter.
But I was writing up.
And I was going to write to it.
I got a more strong version of myself.
And the words of those women who could understand a story like me, and the women who look at me and understand what it means to live in this world if you have the sea skin.
The words of women who showed me that it wasn't anything.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned to write as myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful than you can measure it.
And through the written and friends, I also discovered that if it was a little bit, another woman could hear and see that none of us is the nothing that the world is about saying we are.
In a hand, I have the power to do anything else.
And in the other hand, I put the human reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad favorite, I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my way to think, what I say and what I do, without allowing everything that makes me human.
I hope we can all do the same thing.
I hope we can all be a little bit, when you need a little bit of value.
Just after the last year from the last year, 1800 children in California, they had to be able to have seen December or to be experts to someone who had been there.
And then the virus is the free with Canada, including more than 100 children in Congo.
One of the terrible things of this beautiful thing is that the surface that can be fascinated for a child with a drug synthetic system, is one of the most powerful diseases in the world.
There is an effective version against this from more than a half ago, but many of the kids were involved in the Denigral Brazil had not been sold because their parents had a little bit of something even worse -- the audience.
But a moment, it was not the article that shows the police on the audience and the very discovered values and discovered and driven to be a fragment under the Middle Media Johnson.
Do you do the most smart scientists that the theory that the areas are cause is a station?
I think most of you know, but millions of parents around the world are going to be able to be able to be able to put their kids to their children of having an autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the food of the car in the time.
For most of the 20th century, the audience was considered a very short disease.
The few particles and pieces that I had heard about it, they create all of their personal life without seeing a single case.
In the decades, the productive institutions were still just three or four children for every 10,000 children for every 10,000 children for every 10,000 children.
But then, at the early decade of 1990, the numbers started to get up.
Or of the forms of forms like Australia Antarctica -- the Stanfords are represented to the audience as an epidemic -- as if I could tell you about another child in December.
What's going on?
If you're not the vehicles -- what is it?
If you ask people from the center of the control of Congress of Congress what is going on, they tend to go in front of the factors as a secret designers, and a better decision of cases, to explain these growing systems.
But that kind of language doesn't make a lot of a young mother of a young mother that we look for in the face of his son of two years, the visual control.
If you have a distribution that you had to get up, why were you so excited to the beginning?
Why were the cases of how we were so hard to find before the 1990s.
five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened has less than you can see with the political and cost of science that with the power power of the nature.
For most of the 20th century, the doctors told a story about what the audience is and how you discovered it, but that story turned out to be failure, and the consequences of the same are having an important impact in global public health.
There was a second story more likely from the audience that had lost and forget in the dark parts of the clinical literature.
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we have to go.
The first story starts with a financial patient, read Kang Kosovo, in 1967, King Pantheon published an article that described 11 young patients who seem to be able to have private world, none of the people around their around, even to their own parents, even to their own parents.
They could be fun for hours by looking at the hands in their face, but they were present from the patient for messages as when you didn't get their favorite play in their favorite place.
On the basis of the patients are in the back of the patients in their clinic, Kang species that the audience is very bad.
And by the 1970s, as the principle of the world in the world, I decided that I had seen less than 150 true cases of their secret as I was able to replace different places like South Africa.
This is actually not to extract it, because the Katies of Kang for the distribution of audience were very responsible.
For example, I used to give you that diversity to children with college, but now we know that the surface is very common in the audience.
One time he had turned out that he had become nine of every 10 children sent up by other doctors to their construction for being authority without giving them a distance of architecture.
Kang was a smart man, but part of his theory were not closed.
It was called the audience as a form of financial patients caused by parents and fires.
These kids, he said, they've been able to grow up in a recognition that doesn't consider.
At the same time, though, Koran noticed that some of their young patients had some special skills that go up in certain areas like music and the memory and the music.
One of the kids in his cell could be able to do between 18 percent before the two years.
When his mother put one of his favorite designers, he certainly said, "Bad.
But Kang had a bad option of these skills -- by taking things like kids were just getting up what they had heard to their parents -- despite to win their approach.
As a result, the audience became source for families for family, and two genes of public children were sent to institutions for their own well, becoming involved for the world in general world.
It was not until the decade of 1980 that the researchers started to test the theory of Kang that the audience was right.
London Burnet, Paul Pole Congo, I thought that the theory of the American mothers of Kang was pretty strange.
And she and his wife had been climate people and anti-programmers, and they had a deep audience called Sushic.
Lond and John knew how hard it was to create a girl like Sushe without surgery, without special education, and without access to other resources without a diagram.
In order to get to the National National service that they needed more resources for the public children and their families and his families and his camera John Golden decided to do something that should have done 30 years before.
They took a study of audience in the general population.
They had a surgeon of London called Montana to try to find the public kids in the community.
What they saw is that the Mountain model was too limited -- because the reality of the audience was much more popular and fun.
Some kids could not talk about all of all, while other people were involved in their face for advice, in the distributions or in the generation of it.
On the other way, these kids were not used to be able to be able to be born and started, like James, and they saw a lot of them -- much more than the marketing model of Kang would have been predicted.
At the beginning, they were lost to try to make sense of their data.
How did no one have been presented from these children before.
But I came up with a representation to an architecture in 1975, the next year, the next year, the next year of Kangi, and then they forget it, he was going down under a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember it.
Kang knew about this article of the computer, but I was able to be able to get it in their own work.
There was not even a transportation to English but by the way, the head of London talked about, and he brought it to it.
The doctor has a alternative story of the autism.
His car was a man called Haiti Angeles, who gave a clinical control with an international school at the age of 1980.
The ideas of Alpha for the understanding of children who are learning to learn to be even for the body stations.
The morning in his cell started with kinds of effects with music, and the kids are going to get their games on the land.
Instead of calcium to the parents to cause autism, Andrew described the discovered of the life of life of life that would be able to be able to support support and specific spaces for the course of all life.
Instead of trying to treat kids in his heart as patients called them their little teachers -- and he had been able to help in the development of education models that were especially ready for them.
Unfortunately, Andrew saw the audience as a different continue that I was able to take a number of distance and distribution.
He believed that the audience and the authority areas were common and they have always be, looking at a little bit of this concept in the control of the body culture as the social social science and the destination of the destination.
He was more there even to say, that for success in science and art -- a piece of audience is easy.
Look and John found that Kang was wrong in that the audience was increased, as well as the parents were the cars.
In the next few years, they worked with the American University of Paris to increase the distribution of the diversity that would represent the diversity of what they call automatic special?
In the end of the 80 and the beginning of the 90 -- their changes come into a video, by looking at the limited model of Kandhoe by one and even an environment and even Afghanistan.
And these changes didn't take up in the red side.
Rather, when London and John would work in the backs to reduce these crimes, people all over the world see an audience for the first time.
Before he came out "Step Marine, I just had a little crime, and I just had a little bit, and I just had a little bit, but after the internal attack of Design Harvard and the Revolution Republic and the Revolution Marine, with four times of the Alzheimer's particles, participations, mathematics and parents around the world knew what the autism.
At the same time, they got the very first clinical cells to use to make the autism.
I didn't have to have a connection with that little cycle of experts to get a difference for his child.
The communication of "The Mars Mars, the changes in the crimes and the interview of these trials created an effect of network -- a perfect increase of the quality of architecture.
The number of drugs started to be like, just like London and Julian -- in fact they wanted to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able and their families finally get the support and the services that get up.
And so Alex Galaman came out to come up to the values for the discussion in the distributions, a simple thing, powerful story, and a very bad story of the Taliban theory that the audience was increased.
If the current structure of the center that one of seven children in the United States are in the space, it's right -- the audience is one of the largest mental groups in the world.
In the last few years, people who have been used in the Internet to reduce the idea that they are posters to solve by the new doctors of doctors -- when the term technology is to celebrate the variety of human conversation.
One way to understand news is to think about terms of human systems.
The fact that a PMS doesn't work with Buddhas, it doesn't mean it's right.
And in the public stations, the normal human brain is essentially distributed, especially social and it goes out of an attention to the details.
And yet, people are active to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still going to Alexander, which believed that the subject, that the same for the most exciting aspect of the teachers are found in the understanding of the teachers -- companies with ability, and the parents with fish in the potential of their children.
A American woman called Zambian Babs once once once said, "We need all the hands in covered to get the hunter of humanity.
As we go into a future future, we need all the forms of human intelligence in the planet to make the challenges that we face as a society.
We can't be able to be able to do a brain.
Thank you.
